Chapter 1: Volume 1 Right and Wrong Lessons: The Buck
If there was one thing that Katie Izland didn’t like, it was a bully. Back in her hometown of
Tillamook, Oregon, she’d seen enough of them at her old High School. They spread nasty
rumors, carved words in their victims’ desks, dumped pencil shavings on heads, and if riled
enough outright attacked the target of their ire.
It wasn’t a good time for her, but while her experience wasn’t great, theirs was awful.
A lesson Katie took from that point in her life was that when you knowingly messed with and
provoked someone stronger than you and you got your ass handed to you on a silver platter
for it, it was no one else’s fault but your own.
If you could learn your lesson and change your ways though, you had a chance at being a
better person.
If you kept doing it? You were too dumb to live.
It was this lesson that brought Katie to the following conclusion:
96% of Furinkan High School’s male student population were irredeemable subhumans.
It was the fourth day in a row that the American transferee had to watch a sad display of lust
and desperation take place in front of the school: a literal army of boys from first to third year
armed with any weapon they could find was gathering in the front courtyard, waiting for a
particular girl to show up so they could attack her.
There had to be nearly two hundred of them now, every club from the kendo and boxing to
the non-athletic clubs that had no actual business being out on a battlefield. All of them were
there to beat her into submission—so that one of them would take her out on a date.
Setting aside how abhorrent everything about that was, what made it worse was that in spite
of their numbers, weapons, and lustful determination?
These guys were going to get annihilated by this girl, like they had every time they went after
her.
She obliterated them; not even taking so much as a graze as she ripped through them like a
chainsaw through melting butter and went on her way to class—she wasn’t going to let
something like these hopeless, horny clowns get in her way of an education, especially if they
couldn’t do jack to her.
Yet in spite of that, they were determined to beat that date out of her, and on the fourth day of
this embarrassment Katie was tired of it.
For as strong as she was, the wrecking ball of their affections was just too nice to beat them
properly, and while Katie understood why she wouldn’t want to actually maim any of them.
She also knew that if it didn’t get driven into the collective heads of these idiots, they would
probably go at this for weeks until it just became some twisted tradition that would never
stop.
Katie didn’t come all the way to Japan just to be stuck in another shitty school full of guys
who thought beating the shit out of a girl was a great icebreaker.
So with that in mind, the tall, black-haired girl with striking green eyes rolled her shoulders
and began to make her way through the crowd of spectating girls and somewhat smarter boys
—the precious 4 percenters who knew better—towards the front of the group of malcontents.
At 180cm she was taller than nearly all of the boys, and the moody, intimidating aura of her
foreignness combined with the flat, disinterested look she had on her face most of the time
parted the more timid and polite of the crowd without her having to ask.
Past the onlookers, she made a line straight for the front gate, walking along the wall. A
glance to her left as she reached the gate allowed her to catch sight of the girl in question, a
cute girl with long dark hair walking with her slightly taller, bob-cut sporting older sister.
Even from this distance, she could see that the girl of the hour was looking pretty agitated.
A glance to her right saw the slavering crowd of young men readying weapons and psyching
themselves up. “Today was the day,” she could hear them reassuring themselves and each
other, “One of them will do it! One of them will beat her and get to go on a date with her and
maybe even win her heart entirely!”
Yeah right.
Katie sighed and stopped, turning to face the group of boys. Seeing her step forth, the horde
grew confused and stared at her. It wasn’t like they didn’t know who she was, the foreign
transfer student from America’s Pacific Northwest stood out like a sore thumb, being taller
than a bunch of the boys and emanating an intimidating aura that put off even the boldest
attempts to approach her. Why was she stepping up all of a sudden?
Speaking clearly, but with a rustic accent, she revealed her intentions.
“Howdy guys, don’t y’all think this has gone on long enough?”
Just outside the school, stomping up the path, Tendo Akane stared with seething malice at the
crowd awaiting her. “… I can’t believe this, they’re here again?”
Beside her Tendo Nabiki, her older sister, observed the gathering with lifted eyebrows. “I can
almost admire that determination. There isn’t a boy at this school you haven’t beaten
unconscious, and yet here they all are lining up to give it another go.”
Akane’s shoulders dropped as she let out a frustrated groan.
“Well, you can’t fault them for being determined.”
“Yes, I can, they’re just going to keep coming, and coming, until one of them actually beats
me,” Akane shot back, not noticing the tall dark-haired girl who walked out in front of the
crowd. “Not that any of them can… even holding back all it takes is a one-hitter-quitter and
down they go.”
Nabiki debated that. “Hey, one could get a lucky shot in.”
Akane sniffed. “Oh yeah, and then what is he gonna do? Ask me out? The moment he does I
will be thorough when I turn him into pulp!”
She groaned. “Why are they even obsessed with me? It’s not like someone’s selling pictures
of me to give them something to work for.”
“Oh my, someone would have to be a stone-cold money-loving bitch with a jealous streak a
mile wide to be so petty,” Nabiki replied.
She was selling pictures, but only to Kuno. The rest just thought Akane was cute—in spite of
three beatings in a row she laid on them that already had people questioning their collective
manhood.
Akane looked ahead, ready to take on the horde, and saw the situation brewing at the school’s
gate. “Huh, who’s that?”
Up ahead, Katie was in the process of making her polite appeal to the futility of the boys’
situation. “It’s been three days of this and it’s pretty obvious you’re not gonna beat her, so
why don’t y'all give it a rest?”
She was expecting a more hostile response—maybe someone calling her a filthy foreigner or
telling her to mind her own business, maybe someone brusquely shoving her aside so they
could get to the object of their desire. However, they all did neither; all she got from them
was a slack-jawed stare that told her they were all having difficulty comprehending what she
said.
At the front, a boy in a karate gi was the one to ask. “You want us to… stop?”
Katie stared at their confusion with some of her own.
Were they surprised someone was asking them to stop?
Had anyone just asked them to stop?
Had the girl they were after asked them to stop?!
She put those alarming questions out of mind as she addressed the matter in front of her.
“Oh… bless your hearts, but that girl you're trying to cajole into dating you ain't gonna.”
“Not until we beat her!” One enterprising young man called out.
“Yeah!” A few others chorused.
“Y’all don’t understand, even if you could beat her–” Katie tried to emphasize, but an
enterprising young boxer cut her off.
“Well, she has to, that’s what Kuno said!”
A fencer in the crowd corrected the young boxer. “No, no, no. If we beat her, then we have
permission to ask her out, that’s what Kuno said.”
Now Katie needed a moment to process whatever the hell it was she just heard. “Hold on
now… what?”
The karate gi boy explained. “You must understand, Kuno-senpai—who is way stronger than
all of us combined—said if any of us tried to date Akane without his permission then he’d
beat the crap out of us, and the only way we can get that permission is by beating her in a
fight. Therefore, and thusly… here we are. It sucks, but… at least we have a chance against
her.”
As the karate boy spoke, Katie’s expression began to darken, her pale face flushing and the
darkness growing beneath her left-swept bangs and dog-ear tresses enough to hide her eyes.
“All right, lemme see if I can grasp what yer fixin’ to say, here,” she began, calmly, but with
every word her enunciation slowed and became more forceful as her voice trembled.
“The reason y’all are lining up like hogs to slaughter, is because you think you have better
odds in beating up the girl y’all want to date than you do the guy tryna stop you from datin’
her?”
The group nodded collectively.
As it was said before, if there was one thing that Katie Izland didn’t like, it was a bully. Her
experience in Tillamook was miserable thanks to them.
But in all honesty, that almost paled compared to what she was looking at right here.
Kuno Tatewaki held a bokken to the throat of nearly every young man in the school, sending
them against their will to assault a single girl over and over, no matter how easily they were
beaten.
He was the ace of this school, the shadow of his power cast long over its students.
Lowering her head, Katie clenched and unclenched her fists.
“HEY KUNO!”
Her shout filled the entire courtyard, making the boys in front of her jump with fright.
The crowd of boys parted like the Red Sea before Moses, revealing the tall and suave figure
of one Kuno Tatewaki. He heard the woman call him out, in a tone befitting an uneducated
lout seeking challenge, and when he saw that it was the new foreign girl who’d darkened the
halls of his school just days before, his intense eyes narrowed intensely.
“Is there something that you request of the undisputed and undefeated champion of the High
School Kendo circuit, I, Kuno Tatewaki?” He walked towards her; the wooden sword he
carried in his right hand held low.
Katie nodded slowly. “As a matter of fact, I do have a request for ya: may I take your face
and apply it vigorously, and with considerable force, to every flat surface in this here
schoolyard until such a point in the future where I am satisfied with the result?”
Kuno paused midstep, struck by the woman's radiating contempt. “I beg your pardon?”
“Oh, no, beggin’ my pardon,” she replied, the venom dripping off her polite apology.
“Lemme say it a bit simpler so you can keep up hon:”
The force and fury returned to her voice at the flip of a switch. “I’m ‘bout ta whup yer ass so
hard that they’re gonna hold prayers for your backside every year.”
Akane and Nabiki reached the edge of the foreigner’s escalating exchange with Kuno.
“Who is that?” The former asked of the dark-haired girl.
Watching with raised eyebrows, Nabiki recognized her. “That’s the transfer in my class.”
Akane frowned. “What is she doing?”
Pulling out a sleek little smartphone, Nabiki pointed its cameras at the confrontation. “Looks
like she wants to fight him.”
The younger Tendo looked at the phone, and then her. “Wait, does she know who she’s up
against?”
Nabiki shrugged as she hit record. “Dunno, but whatever’s about to happen is going up on the
net.”
The other students couldn’t believe it either. All anyone knew about her was that she was tall,
kept her head down, and was from America… and now she was challenging the ace of their
school. Kuno himself puzzled over it as well, and even considered that same information.
Where did such a presence come from?
Kuno had been listening in on the exchange at the back of the crowd, however, so he had an
idea what she was so upset about. Such frivolities could be easily explained.
“I see… as you are an American visitor, I can understand your confusion.”
Katie tilted her head to one side slightly. “What’re you on about?”
Kuno lifted his free hand with the grace of a show presenter, and brought his open, upraised
palm to bear on Akane. “I present to you, the fair Tendo Akane, the only woman to have
bested me so thoroughly in combat, and the captor of my heart in the battlefield of love.”
Glancing back, all Katie saw was a thoroughly disgusted underclassman scowling back at
Kuno like she was gonna haul off and kill him herself. She looked back at Kuno as he
continued.
“Such a fair and noble maiden beyond myself is beyond any other man many times more! So,
a challenge is issued!” He swept his arm out, indicating the other students. “May no man
speak of dating her, lest they prove their strength and strike her down in battle as she has
struck me!”
He clenched that hand into a fist. “It is a test of manhood, of resolve, of honor… of the
warrior spirit! Such thinking is beyond the ken of the American, who lacks understanding of
the esoterica of bushido.”
Shutting his eyes and shaking his head, Kuno admonished her. “There is no place for such
uncouth language and threats of violence. To prove one’s honor is to prove one’s strength,
and to prove one’s strength is to battle.”
He opened his eyes, meeting Katie’s as he brought his bokken up to point at her—the air
swirling ominously around it from such a simple motion.
“If you wish to capture my heart as well… then you must battle me to take it!”
Katie’s face abruptly went blank, and she abruptly pitched forward as the sheer stupid of
what he just said vacated her fury. “… Guh...?!"
She caught herself and stared at him in stunned disbelief. "I'm sorry, but WHAT?!”
“What?” Nabiki and Akane said in unison with similar expressions.
“Eh?!” The entire student body bearing witness to the confrontation sounded at once.
Letting out a truly sophisticated laugh, Kuno elaborated. “Though you are far from what
many would call a fair maiden, your beauty and presence are not lost to me. Therefore, if you
wish to date me, then you must defeat me!”
Nabiki heard this one before. “Oho! That two-timer, doing this right in front of you. Is this
what they call NTR?”
Akane leaned forward slowly, and brought her hands up to cover her face, all murderous
thoughts of her own evacuated in exchange for secondhand embarrassment.
“I want to be struck by lightning right now.”
Fairly disheveled, in complete wonder of the sheer density of the man in front of her, Katie
almost fell to her knees in defeat right there.
This man… this was the man who held a bokken pointed to the necks of nearly the entire
male student body of this school? The mastermind behind the pitched and violent assaults on
a single girl? The shadow that loomed over the school as its ace? This man?!
He was…
He was…!
“… Dumber than a buck tryna make sweet, magical love to a grizzly fresh outta
hibernation’…”
Kuno let out a hum. “What was that?”
Her expression void of any life, Katie lifted her head to look at him properly and nodded.
“You got yourself a deal, hon. Let’s do this… right now.”
Kuno smirked and took his sword in both hands. “Very well, but be prepared…”
He lifted the bokken above his head. “For you, I will be losing with all of my might!” He
lunged forward at Katie. “I STRIKE!”
Still nodding as he came at her, Katie agreed. “Boy…? You have no idea.”
Chapter 2: The Breaker
Chapter Notes
This chapter has been entirely overhauled from the ground up.
As he roared his kiai and charged at Katie, closing the distance, Nabiki turned to Akane.
“Hey… when he says he’s gonna lose with all his might, is he or is he not holding back?”
When he reached Katie, he swung down diagonally on his target—who abruptly moved to his
right, outside of the slash to safety. The gust of wind kicked up off the blade’s wind blasted
both girls standing twenty meters away, causing their hair and the loose fabric of their dirndl
uniforms to ruffle about in a strong but not lascivious manner.
“Nevermind,” Nabiki said.
Akane, face buried in her hands, wanted to go home.
The draft from that missed blow was much stronger near the wooden blade, and Katie looked
at Kuno’s lowered weapon in surprise. Her eyes darted from the edge of the bokken to his
face, hidden by his bangs save for his confident smirk.
“… Well, shit,” she muttered as she realized this man wasn’t the joke she thought he was.
“Again!” Kuno shouted and the bokken came up in a rising sweep aimed for Katie’s lower
right side.
Katie moved with the blade, sidestepping ahead of then ducking down beneath its arc and the
path of the shockwave that came off it.
Just as quickly Kuno swung down, and Katie dodged to his left into a roll. Getting back on
her feet, she jumped back from Kuno as he pursued, angling her body and to stay outside his
strikes.
“Again! Again! Again! Again!” Kuno repeated with every blow.
“Again!”
He swung downward diagonally left, she ducked to his right.
“Again!”
Rising vertically, she moved up and to his left.
“Again!”
Downward right, she dropped straight down and rolled back from his reach.
Kuno Tatewaki was exactly as Katie said—not in the least bit smart.
But everything else that was said about him not woven into his flowery nonsense was true.
He was the undisputed and undefeated champion of the High School Kendo circuit—so much
so that he was summarily banned from the High School Kendo circuit at the end of the
previous school year.
He was stronger than every other boy at the school.
And, most importantly, he was losing with all his might.
“Again!” He yelled and unleashed a horizontal sweep for Katie’s hips that she had no
recourse but to hop straight up over, curling her legs for the wooden blade to pass beneath her
knees.
He also knew how to fight.
“Foolish!”
Like a viper the bokken’s tip was thrust straight forward, aimed for Katie’s heart. In the same
instant Katie’s feet shot back to the ground and she sidestepped the thrust.
The blade missed, but the force of the blow crossed the open air between Kuno and the
school’s wall, blasting a bowling ball-sized hole clean through it.
The loud crack of the wall simply breaking from the force of Kuno’s blow brought Akane’s
head up from her hands, and she looked over. “What was that…?! What happened?!”
Nabiki’s eyes narrowed a bit as she focused her camera on Katie’s pale, wide-eyed face as
she too beheld the damage done.
“Our girl just learned she’s screwed.”
Katie hopped back from Kuno thrice, until she was halfway towards the corner, and stopped
to rest her hand against the wall—her eyes not leaving the hole Kuno made in it.
She looked at the wooden sword, then at the wooden head of the maniac wielding it.
Around her, students murmured in silence, the boys crowding closer to look at the hole in the
wall he made.
“He didn’t even hit the wall… with a wooden sword…” The karate kid from earlier said in a
shaking voice.
“The Captain… this is why he’’s feared,” a kendoist among Akane’s opponents said grimly.
The boxer was shaking in his boxing shorts. “We’d never stand a chance against that… I’ll
take getting beaten up for months by Akane before I take one hit from Kuno-senpai…”
Akane grimaced in disgust at the crowd, then looked back at Kuno and Katie. Her eyes
narrowed as she sized up the two combatants, Katie still leaned against the wall while Kuno
enjoyed the dramatic breeze funneled through the hole in the wall he just made.
He was wearing that insufferable, but richly deserved smirk as he brought his sword to his
shoulder. “Mesmerized by the beauty of my strength, I see?”
Pulling her hand from the wall, Katie looked from the sword to his face, to his hands, to his
face again. “I’ll fess up, yer the strongest guy I met in this town since I got here.”
In spite of her ashen expression moments before, she was calm as she let the tension flow
from her body and relaxed back into a fighting stance. She brought her fists up high in front
of her, her right leading her left, and when her stance lowered, she brought her right leading
foot off the ground, her toes just touching the ground.
“But that ain’t gonna change the outcome of this fade.”
Akane’s focus sharpened, her eyes widening as she locked onto Katie’s stance, then her face,
and then most importantly her eyes. She leaned forward a bit, Nabiki edging up alongside her
and trying to muscle in to get the best possible shot.
“That’s… Muay–” Akane started, then stopped herself, eyes narrowing as she really looked at
Katie’s stance.
“Muay Thai?” Nabiki finished. “Oh man, she’s toast. Kuno-baby’s dumb, but he can at least
bring a knife to a fist fight.”
Akane shook her head. “No. Not Thai.”
Nabiki blinked. “Huh?”
“Boran,” Akane said quietly. “That’s not sport.”
Akane looked from Katie to Kuno and back, before she—to Nabiki’s surprise—just shrugged
her shoulders.
Noticing no tension at all in her little sister, Nabiki looked up at her. “What?”
“It’s over,” Akane simply replied.
Kuno lowered his sword again, once again taking it in his mid-stance, the tip pointed at
Katie. “Acknowledging an opponent’s strength in the face of defeat, perhaps you do
understand the precepts of bushido. When I defeat you, I promise to make as much time as I
can to date you.”
Katie didn’t waver from her stance. “Wait, I gotta date you if I lose, too?”
“This is a battle of hearts!” Kuno declared passionately. “Mine or yours, one can only take
the other!”
At that, the boys all looked at one another, and the boxer spoke up. “Wait, so if he starts
dating her… does this mean Akane’s free?”
“Absolutely not! For my heart belongs to Akane as much as this maiden’s will belong to I!”
Kuno corrected them. “Unless you have proven your worth and captured her heart, then it is
to no avail!”
A silence followed.
Karate kid spoke up. “Kuno-senpai, does this mean that Akane has all of our hearts?”
“Which means she's free to date us, technically?” Fencer-kun asked, filled with hope.
“NO!” Kuno, Katie, Akane, and Nabiki all said in unison.
“God no,” Katie added for emphasis. “Bless your hearts, though, you tried.”
Kuno began running towards Katie again, keeping his sword pointed at her. “But I shall
succeed!”
Katie looked up, just as he raised his sword high again for another vertical strike.
“Prepare yourself, I strike!” And down the sword came again, nowhere near close to her—
but it didn’t need to be.
The shockwave of his swing surged at Katie, and she sidestepped to her left.
“Again!” Kuno shouted as he swung straight up this time, sending another wave of air slicing
at her.
Katie moved the other direction, avoiding it even as the razor-sharp air lashed horizontal cuts
across the sleeve of her uniform and unprotected forearm.
His return stroke was followed by another and another, sending slicing waves at Katie as she
performed repeating side hops consecutively to avoid them. With each swing he closed the
distance to Katie, shouting again with each unsuccessful attack.
Nabiki stepped even closer, catching every frame. “… You’re running out of wall…”
Akane, arms folded, waited patiently.
As Katie evaded one more air blade, Kuno let out a victorious laugh. “Even to the end you
stand defiant! That is the way of the warrior, yield nothing and stand to the last!”
Instead of vertical slashes, his wooden sword came up straight, a viper poised to strike again
at Katie’s heart. The moment Kuno locked on, Katie’s retreat stopped, and she drew her fist
to counterattack.
“It will do you, no good! This is your defeat at the hands of The Breaker of Furinkan High,
but the beginning of…” Kuno launched himself forward. “OUR LOVE!”
Instead of evading, Katie lunged straight into Kuno’s stab, swinging a powerful haymaker
aimed straight for the tip of Kuno’s lancing bokken.
Both fist and sword stopped barely an inch from one another, and there was a tremendous
roar and crack as the wall beside them and the ground between them was split by a fine line
the same width. The air trembled for a moment, as Kuno’s devastating attack dissipated with
such speed that Nabiki’s camera caught the vapor ring of the expanding shockwave.
Nabiki’s eyebrows rose. “Wait.”
She did a double take. “Wait, no, wait… what?”
Akane’s lips curled into a smile.
Kuno stared, transfixed on Katie’s fist. “Wait a moment, hold on… what did you–?”
Katie lashed her leg up in a high kick, catching the bokken and launching it up and out of
Kuno’s hands.
The kendoist stared at his now vacant grip, then up at his weapon as it ascended skyward,
then came tumbling end-over-end to land neatly in Katie’s upraised hand.
He blinked twice in the moment that passed, and followed the weapon with his gaze as Katie
brought it down and examined it.
“Huh…” Katie said as weighed it in one hand, then in two. “Ain’t nothin’ more than a
wooden sword, not even HF… though fer the life of me why would anyone make an HF
wooden sword…”
Kuno’s hands began trembling as Katie firmly gripped the weapon. “… M-Madam… you
seem to have my weapon.”
Katie stopped and looked at him. “Mm, I sure do. Now… I got me a question; do you have
another one on you?”
At that question, Kuno quietly shook his head.
In response, Katie let out another short hum and nodded. “All right. Now then… I believe I
had a request. Id est, it’s time I got to smashing your face on every flat surface in this here
school yard.”
Kuno cleared his throat. “Madam, may I ask to have my blade back, before you proceed to
engage in such activity. I… ahem… am a kendoist you see, and I need a blade in order to
fight you to the fullest of my ability.”
Katie looked from Kuno to his bokken, and back again. When he smiled emphatically at the
idea of his weapon being returned, she promptly threw it to her side—and with a crunch the
bokken punched clean through the wall to get stuck halfway.
“My guy… if you come ‘round here picking a fight you can’t win without a stick? Then that
is a YOU situation.”
Kuno stopped. “Madam, I beg your pardon, but I believe you challenged me–”
Katie plowed a right cross into his face and followed it in quick succession with a left.
Bruises immediately appearing on his cheeks, Kuno twirled away from her groaning in pain.
“There we go,” Akane said as Katie pressed the attack.
Tottering around to face her, Kuno weakly raised his hands to block. His world flashed white
as she swung her left leg in a roundhouse into his ribs, kneed him in the stomach with her
right leg, and rotated her body to elbow him in the side of his head. Each blow sounded like
thunderclaps, both to him and to the spectators watching in stunned silence.
“Hurgh, huuh…!” Kuno groaned as he stumbled from side to side. “W-wait…!”
Katie turned and brought her knee up high to smash it flat against his nose. When he
staggered back, she began to hop in place.
“I’m sorry, is this goin’ a bit too fast?” She asked, her eyes alight with malice.
Kuno gurgled back as he reached for his face.
“Here, hon… let me make it easier fer ya! I STRIKE!”
She kneed him in his right side.
“Again!”
She kneed him in his left.
“Again!”
Kicking his right leg in, she dropped him to his knee.
“Again!”
She slammed a left low kick into his right arm.
“AGAIN!”
She kneed him across the face, sending him spinning around to land on his belly.
Katie adopted a low, strong stance, her left fist and foot pointed at Kuno as he lay there.
“Hey now, you ain’t tapped out already, are ya? That’s just the ground! I still gotta few walls
I want you ta meet!”
Groaning in pain, Kuno tried to lift himself up onto his right arm, but a flash of pain made
him think better of it and switched to his left. Trembling like a leaf, he slowly got up and
staggered forward away from Katie and towards the students. Flecks of spittle and lines of
drool cascaded from his mouth as he attempted to rise to full height, but once more stopped
from his radiating injuries.
His blurry vision focused on the horde of boys normally laid out by Akane at this point in the
morning, and he let out a mumble. “… Word…”
Behind him, Katie inched closer, her face a mask of wrath. “They can’t hear ya, buck.”
Kuno lowered his head, then raised it to yell. “A SWORD! SOMEONE PASS ME A
SWORD!”
The boys who feared his wrath enough to attack the girl they admired, stared back in
solidarity as they answered all at once.
“Nah.”
Katie’s right hand came to rest on his left shoulder, and she leaned close to his ear. “Sowin’
all that wind with that stick of yours, only to not have it when the whirlwind comes a
knockin’. That’s a damn shame.”
Yanking Kuno around, she grabbed his right shoulder and drove her right elbow into his face
a half dozen times before she spun in place to build up massive momentum and drove her
right knee into his left arm, an audible snap filling the air before Kuno hobbled back from
her.
Akane was positively radiant now, never in her wildest dreams did she think this morning
would be so satisfying.
Nabiki, still filming, pondered where this video was even going to go now. “Is Worldstar still
a thing, or will LiveLeak get more views?”
Despite his bruises and his broken bones, Kuno spaced his feet and kept standing. Heaving
for breath, he looked up at Katie with his left eye—the right already swelling shut just like
how his lips were starting to balloon—and began to blubber.
“… You… you have not…”
Katie lifted an eyebrow.
“… beaten me…”
She turned and brought a hand up to her ear. “What was that bucky? Yer kinda mumblin’
there.”
“… You have not beaten me,” he said, gaining strength as he declared. “With no sword…
with no arms… with naught but the spirit of the warrior, the honor of the Kuno bloodline… I
will demonstrate my true power!”
In spite of his pain, he managed to stand upright and even partially open his swollen eye
“You, an American… cannot understand the depths of power, that the bushido code provides
me…! This is the moment that I, Kuno Tatewaki, will strike you down with all my might…”
After a brief pause, Katie gestured for him to finish.
“… And you shall date me with all of yours!”
Katie nodded. “There ya go. Just wanted to make sure you’re still denser than a devil’s food
cake.”
She snapped back into her fighting stance. “But you know what? Let’s get that first date
going right now.”
Kuno stopped. “… Wait, you shall?”
Spacing her feet, Katie got ready as she looked at Kuno and the school behind him. “Mm…
the issue is… it’ll only last about eight seconds.”
And just like that, Kuno seemed to have forgotten he was injured at all. Closing his eyes, he
began to speak as Katie shot towards him like a missile. “Even a date of one second is fine
when it is with-”
The blow that followed didn't seem visually all that different, but where the others merely
prompted desperate flailing, the knee that caught Kuno in the solar plexus forced his eyes to
widen in sheer heightened panic.
Akane's joy cut a little as she felt something was very different from the other hits.
Nabiki, not a martial artist, could read the panic in his eyes. "What's with th–"
She was cut off when Kuno opened his mouth to speak and proceeded to spew out a mouthful
of blood. “Oh… shit.”
“Let this be a lesson to ya, bucko.” Katie swept back, performed a full body rotation as she
dropped low, then leaped and swung her knee up to collide full force with his chin shattering
his jaw.
A blast of wind washed over the students behind Kuno, blowing back hair and flipping up
skirts, before there was a loud bang behind them. Behind Katie, Akane gasped when she saw
a huge dent appear in the face of the clock near the top of the school’s front. At that same
moment, Katie ground her knee against Kuno’s ruined chin, her green eyes lit up with fury.
The air was still—filled with incredible tension even after the strange impact.
“Don’t be the clown…”
All at once the suspended tension snapped, and she completed the motion of her knee to
launch Kuno skyward.
“AT YER OWN RODEO”
The recoil of her blow caused her to perform a backflip, and Kuno—a trail of condensation
rings radiating from him in his short flight—smashed into the clock at the center of the
school’s tower and hitting the clock’s bell behind it with a loud, warped clang and an
uncomfortable grinding of gears.
Chapter 3: Nuclear
Chapter Notes
Nnot to the same extent of the last chapter, but this one has been touched up, some.
See the end of the chapter for more notes
The schoolyard was quiet again, as Katie landed on her feet. Letting her hands hang limp at
her sides, she looked at the group of students staring at the hole in the building where Kuno
had gone—and waited. Sure enough, one by one all eyes returned to the foreign girl who just
made an embarrassment out of who had been once the undisputed lord of the school.
Quiet murmurs rose.
“She… she put him through the school’s clock.”
“So powerful…”
“Is he dead?”
Everyone waited and listened. Sure enough, they could hear a high-pitched whine of pain
from a man too durable to avoid being knocked unconscious, but not enough for when it
mattered.
Katie let out a sigh and dusted off her knees. “Hoo… I needed that like a peacock needs a
hen…”
Akane walked over to Katie, entering her field of view with care. The taller girl noticed and
turned her head to greet her. “Howdy.”
“Hi,” Akane returned. “You are… way stronger than I expected.”
Katie shrugged her shoulders. “I’d better be, ‘else all that martial arts training was a huge
waste of time and money.”
She looked back up at where Kuno’s legs dangled out of the school.
“Like with that dumb buck; he oughta look for a refund—at least to help with the medical
bills.”
Akane let out a small laugh. “Yeah.”
Katie placed her hands on her hips and cocked her head to one side. “I mean, who in their
right mind practices kendo, and don’t even know how to fight without a weapon?”
Akane shook her head. “The problem is right there… he practices kendo, and nothing else.”
It took a moment for Katie to process. “… Oh, he’s an over-tiered sport fighter.”
Akane closed her eyes and nodded once in confirmation. “Mm.”
Katie tsked. “Ya hate to see it.”
She brought a hand up to herself. “By the way, the name’s Katie. Katie Izland.”
Akane blinked. “Izurando? That’s a bit weird.”
Katie waved it off. “Ugh, yes, there’s a Z instead of an S. It ain’t my first choice in a name,
but I can’t go helpin’ it.”
Akane nodded, and then bowed to her. “I’m sorry you had to be bothered, but thank you for
stepping in. I don’t think I could put up with his nonsense for another day.”
Katie waved it off. “Weren’t no thang. Been too long since I had me a real fight.”
Nabiki joined them. “A real fight? I’ve seen slaughterhouses that gave the cows better odds.”
She hadn’t, but the sheer one-sidedness of that beating warranted the comparison. Katie
appreciated the reference.
“Even better, he won’t be bothering anyone none for a hot minute,” Katie said with
confidence.
And with that, an epiphany struck one of the boys in the horde of Akane’s suitors.
“Wait, hang on. Does this mean we can ask Akane out on dates like normal people now? We
don’t have to do this fighting thing anymore?”
Akane went stiff where she stood, her eyes wide and glassing over as fury radiated from her.
Before any could ask what Katie had referred to… Akane’s sheer rage manifested as a visible
blue glow, bright enough to make Katie hop back from her.
“… Uh oh,” she said as Akane began to twitch and ramble.
“Ask me… out? Still what think… you after… me did to…?”
Nabiki was impressed, never had she seen her little sister so angry that sentences were a
challenge. Like a car with a popped clutch rolling downhill, though, Akane’s sputtering
stopped.
It was the only warning anyone had, before she exploded.
“I’LL NEVER GO OUT WITH ANY OF YOU DISGUSTING PERVERTS!”
Just about every boy in the group went so pale they seemed titanium white except for a faint
blue shade appearing on their foreheads and descending down their faces. Nabiki stepped
back to catch everything on camera.
“YOU THINK THAT I’D GIVE YOU THE TIME OF DAY, WHEN I HAD TO PUT UP
WITH YOU SHOUTING AT ME TO GO OUT WITH YOU WHILE YOU WERE
SWINGING FOR MY FACE?! SCREW YOU! SCREW ALL OF YOU FOR EVEN
THINKING IT!”
A dark cloud appeared over them, weighing down their shoulders and forcing their heads
down in shame. The students not directly in the path of Akane’s verbal assault stood stock
still, most of them—almost all girls—in awe of the unfathomable wrath that was pouring
from the girl.
“YOU WEAKLINGS COULDN’T EVEN BEAT ME UP WHEN THERE WERE
HUNDREDS OF YOU, WHY THE HELL WOULD I DATE ONE OF YOU?!”
Katie’s mouth dropped open, but no words came out.
On the other end of the verbal assault, what had once been a large percentage of the male
student body were now extras for a zombie apocalypse film.
“SO GO AND FIND SOME OTHER GIRL TO BOTHER AND LEAVE ME ALONE—
OH WAIT! YOU CAN’T! BECAUSE EVERY FREAKING GIRL HERE KNOWS
YOU’RE DESPERATE ENOUGH TO BEAT UP A GIRL YOU CAN’T HAVE!”
It was the most powerful and devastating truth of her eruption: in their desperation to avoid
Kuno’s wrath they hadn’t just poisoned the well—they contaminated the entire aquifer. All
any girl saw for the last three days were hundreds of boys gathering up to beat up a girl and
get beaten by that girl like she wasn’t trying.
Who would date a guy like that? Who would want to go near a guy like that? Who could call
themselves a man after that?
Her long, ribbon-secured hair looking more disheveled than it ever did fighting the boys, her
face red, and her body covered in sweat, Akane stood there gulping down a lungful of air and
shaking as she growled out the last words she ever wanted to say to any boy.
“Get the hell out of my sight, and if I lock eyes with any of you, I will do so much worse
than what happened to Kuno!”
Completely destroyed, the male students of Furinkan High School obeyed, and one by one
began to disperse.
As they marched silently away, Akane could see it in their lifeless eyes: there was no hope
for them, no light, not even a faint glimmer. All romantic aspirations for every single one of
them were dashed with their irrational decisions. There would never be a springtime of their
high school days, or real love and companionship to look forward to.
All that was lost forever, in lieu of a dark, lonely future surrounded by plastic figurines and
posters of unattainable fictional representations of women, warmed only by the light of
computer-generated wives programmed to worship them but feel nothing.
She couldn’t imagine a more fitting punishment.
Katie took a deep breath. “… Damn.”
Nabiki let out a whistle as Akane’s reactor scrammed and the meltdown ended. “Well, you
didn’t throw a punch this time, but I think you neutered all of them.”
“They never had any balls to begin with,” Akane snapped back.
“Inclined to agree there,” Katie said as she dusted off her hands. “Iffin’ that’s all square, I’m
gonna go to class.”
As she began to walk away, however, Akane called to her. “Wait, Izurando-san!”
Katie stopped and looked back at Akane. “Yeah?”
Akane bowed deep once more. “Seriously, thank you so much, and I am sorry you had to see
that.”
Katie waved it off. “Don’t apologize fer doing the right thing; those boys had no business
picking on a pretty lil’ thing like you.”
Katie’s compliment hit its mark with Akane. “Oh, um… thank you for that as well, uh…”
Akane brightened and seized the opportunity to learn more about the mysterious girl and that
unusual attack of hers. “Do you want to have lunch together?”
Nabiki raised an eyebrow in curiosity, as Katie gave Akane a probing glance, and smiled
herself.
“Sure, you don’t mind eating lunch outside, do you?
Akane shook her head. “No, that’s fine.”
Katie smiled a little broader and reached out to give Akane the V-sign. “Cool. I’ll see you out
under the trees then.”
Katie turned and began walking back to the school along with the rest of the dispersing
students. As they watched her go, Nabiki looked over to Akane, who was happier than she’d
been over the last few days, despite having just gone off.
“She’s so nice,” she said.
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. “Eh, she’s all right, I guess. Let me know when a hot guy
comes along.”
Akane huffed noisily at that. “A hot guy? Here? If I ever meet a hot guy our age in this town,
that’ll be the day I’m engaged to him!”
|Qinghai Province, China|
“ACHOO!”
The sneeze of a hot Japanese young man dressed in a karate gi, with brown eyes and dark
hair ending in a tightly-braided pigtail, made his father and their tour guide—both middle
aged, follically challenged men—jump.
Sniffling, Saotome Ranma brought his fingers to his nose. “Aw geez, I hope I’m not coming
down with a cold.”
“Don’t you worry, son, these springs will cure all that ails you even as we train,” his father,
Saotome Genma, declared.
Ranma sniffled again and shivered. The air here was pretty chilly, for a place that was
supposed to be a spring. “I hope so, it doesn't feel like no hot spring though, Pop.”
Their tour guide, a stocky Chinese man wearing a green uniform and matching cap, looked
back at them. In stilted but comprehensible Japanese he spoke urgently.
“It not hot-spring, honored guests, it cursed spring. Very dangerous, you no want to fall in.”
Genma dismissed the tour guide’s warning like he didn’t understand it. “Whatever, even if
they’re not hot springs. There’s nothing that a good workout won’t cure!”
Ranma had been paying more attention. “Wait, what about not falling in?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Genma insisted. “Besides, that’s the whole point of this training, you
won’t fall in.”
The two of them looked ahead at the cursed pools of the Jusenkyo Springs before them.
Thousands of wide pools spread out for as far as they could see in the mist-shrouded clearing
in the hilly forest.
“Trust your old man, son. Nothing will go wrong.”
Chapter End Notes
Welcome to the Senpaiverse. Wow, a fanfic of thirty year old anime, I wonder how
many people are gonna read this one?
Chapter 4: Volume 2 Rosy Outcomes: Under the Oak Tree
As the school’s clock and bell had been wrecked by Kuno whipping through it, Furinkan
Academy’s PA system chimed across the school to alert students of lunch. While most
enjoyed lunch in their classes, some ventured outside onto the school’s verdant courtyard to
enjoy the spring weather with friends, while others more boldly left school grounds entirely
in search of lunch.
Katie was among the latter, tucked away around the side of the school between the building
and the school’s outer wall, shaded by several tall oak trees.
She was looking down at her phone, texting up a storm.
TheGreenEyedMonster:
Okay, I did it.
The Bae said:
What did you do?
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
I finally kicked the shit out of that
chuuni asshole. >:|
The Bae said:
Oh shit!! =O
The Bae:
What happened?! ?_?
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
I told him to fuck off and leave
that girl alone, and he didn’t fucking
listen.
🤷
The Bae said:
How bad was it?
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
They’re gonna need a hose to
clean him out of the clocktower stg.
The Bae said:
JESUS CHRIST KATIE! =O
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
What?
The Bae said:
This morning I thought I heard a
church bell explode, that was you?!
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
Yeah.
The Bae said:
Unstoppable War Goddess.😍
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
:smug:
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
Anyway, Imma have lunch with her,
so maybe send something sweet
that I can share with her when
you send lunch?
The Bae said:
Aw, are you finally
making a friend?
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
I hope so. She’s really cute.
The Bae said:
Well, I got streaming to do!
No more interruptions, ‘kay?
TheGreenEyedMonster said:
Sorry!!! I’ll let you get back to it!
Finishing the last message, Katie pocketed her phone and sat back against the tree in
contentment.
After getting the third degree from her teacher for bodying Kuno (though noticeably not
punished) and being swarmed by classmates asking questions, she was glad she’d be
spending her lunch under the clear and comfortable spring sky filled with fluffy white clouds.
It was a sky worth looking at, compared to what she was used to back home.
Students began emerging from the building to find their own spots outside to enjoy their
food. Not interested in more attention, Katie moved around the tree, putting it between
herself and the doors.
Having escaped her own relentless Q&A session, Akane was relieved to be outside and away
from her classmates, but a little anxious to sit down and have lunch with the girl who
flattened Kuno.
It was nice that she had met someone who was not only strong, but also intolerant of the
antics that people could get up to around here—but she was from another country, and
definitely different from her. Would they even get along?
There is only one way to find out. She thought as she reached the old trees and stepped
around the largest of them to look down at Katie.
“Izurando-san?”
Katie looked up and was relieved to find just Akane standing there. “Cool, you made it.”
Akane sat down beside her and produced a tori bento lovingly prepared by her oldest sister.
She looked at Katie and noticed that she didn’t seem to have her lunch. “Did you bring your
lunch?”
“It’s being delivered, so don’t worry. You go on and eat up.”
Nodding, Akane opened the bento. As she took her chopsticks and began eating the delicious
chicken and rice, she wasted no time. “So, if you don’t mind my asking…”
“I don’t,” Katie said as she scanned the area for signs of her arriving food.
“How long have you been training in martial arts? You definitely know some Muay Boran.”
Katie turned to look at Akane, impressed. “Not many people make that distinction.”
Akane tried not to sound too proud. “Yes, I’ve seen all sorts of stuff.”
“You use it too. I think I saw six, seven different styles just from watching that fight you had
yesterday. A few moves from cartoons, too, actually…”
Akane brushed it off. “Please, I could afford to use whatever came off the top of my head
because they were all that weak.”
Katie chuckled; Akane’s opponents were so boring that she’d been memeing all over their
faces. “So what’s your actual forte?”
“Armed combat. That’s how all this started. I wanted to join the kendo club, but I had to
show what I was capable of and… rrr…” She stuffed some food in her mouth and chewed it
to muffle her growl. “Had I known what I was getting into, I would’ve run out of there as fast
as I could.”
“So, where would you say you and that chuuni asshole stand, skills-wise?” Katie asked.
Akane remembered the match that started the last four days of her life, and how her relentless
charge and hail of shinai strikes battered Kuno backward before he could get a swing in
edgewise.
“He’s the strongest guy in the whole neighborhood. I beat him in the demonstration, but if he
didn’t pull his punches he could’ve won.”
Katie mulled on that one. “He held back then too, didn’t he?”
“He sandbagged for the same reason, too; I was a cute girl and he wanted to go out with me.”
Katie grimaced. “Well, bucky got what he deserved.”
Akane giggled. “It’s kind of a shame he was holding back, I wanted to see you go all out,
too.”
And suddenly the older girl’s grimace was a big grin. “You noticed?”
“Mm!” Akane replied. “Once you had him figured out, you took your time and didn’t even
break a sweat.”
She looked down at Katie’s legs, splayed out from under her Furinkan uniform’s sky-blue
dirndl. She couldn’t see her thighs completely, but her calves were strong without looking
bulging or grotesque, while her shins and knees bore long healed scars from her relentless
training.
“You must be a regular battle maniac, to be as good as you are.”
Katie confirmed it. “Yeah, my whole family are basically monsters. My mom, my dad, my
uncle, his wife, and their kids…”
“So who trained you?”
“My uncle. Ma and Pa thought it’d be a good hobby to keep my nose clean. So every summer
he’d pick me up and we’d go to some other country, and I’d spend every day there training
and doing nothing else. This has been a tradition of our family since I was four.”
Akane’s eyebrows rose as she swallowed more of her food. “I’ve never met anyone else as
dedicated to martial arts as I am.”
Katie was of the same thought. “Honestly, until I saw you taking names and stopped the buck
here, I was starting to think this place was a letdown. My uncle dumped me off here because
this is the ‘Martial Arts Mecca of Japan.’”
“He’s not wrong at all, there’s more weirdo martial arts and the people who practice them
here than anywhere else.”
“Yeah, and I want to train with and fight against strong people,” Katie said brightly, “Like
you! What do you say, want to train with me?”
The praise did not miss Akane, and she blushed again. Really? Someone that powerful
calling her strong. “I’m strong, but I’m not ‘break a guy’s arms and then put him through a
building’ strong.”
“Sure you are, hon, you’re just too nice. You could’ve killed all of those chumps on day one
if you wanted to, but you held back.”
Akane disagreed. “I wasn’t trying to be nice to them.”
“I don’t care what anybody says, any girl who can one and done that many boys in under two
minutes is strong as hell, I’ll tell you what.”
Katie nudged her shoulder with a fist. “But hey, that says other great things about you. Like,
you know, that you’re nice.”
She leaned closer to her. “And I’d rather hang with nice people.”
Akane gave her a sidelong look. “Say, if you were so quick to mess up Kuno, does that make
you not nice?”
Katie huffed smugly. “I’m the meanest sumbitch you’ll ever meet.”
“I don’t know~” Akane mused. “You did help me because you think I’m nice.”
“A nice person wouldn’t let someone get jumped once.”
“You still stood up for me.”
Katie looked aside, her eyes focusing on the far wall to their left. “Honestly? I was hoping
that at least one of those assholes would snap out of it and actually stand up for you first.”
She shrugged her shoulders. “But nope! I guess ganging up on the girl they want to date
makes way more sense than attacking the guy who is trying to dictate who can date her.”
Akane sighed, putting it like that made all of those boys extra pathetic.
“I bet if even one of them stood up to Kuno instead of just blindly following the herd, you’d
be eating lunch with them right now,” Katie noted.
Akane made a sour face. “I can’t even imagine that!”
“I reckon that’s fair.”
“I swear, I’m off boys forever,” Akane lamented.
“Don’t let a couple hundred idiots ruin all of them for you.”
“Oh I wasn’t going to. I’m done with boys; I need a man in my life.”
Katie bit her lower lip. “You know, I’m hard pressed to find one of those in this town, too.”
“There’s at least one,” Akane revealed.
“No shit? What’s he like?”
“A mature, reasonable adult.”
“Yeah, but is he hot?”
Akane giggled and looked aside. “Um~!”
Katie laughed softly at her reaction and nudged her. “Eh? Eh?”
Cheerfully smiling again, Akane nodded and took another bite of her lunch. Now that she
was free of the vile horde and Kuno, everything was great and wonderful. The sun light was
brighter, the birds sang sweeter, even this already delicious food was nicer.
“I really can’t thank you enough,” she said to ease the subject from men she was into, “I
don’t even know what I can do to repay you.”
Conceding from her prodding, Katie floated a suggestion as she looked back towards the
wall. “We could hang out more. Have lunch? Go shopping? That training thing I floated a bit
ago…?”
Akane acceded to that. “It couldn’t hurt.”
The taller girl became much more alert. “My food’s here.”
“It’s here…?” Akane asked before a blue and red blur came up and over the wall, flipped, and
landed in a crouch in front of them, making her jump.
It was a pretty woman their age, with long brown hair covered with a baseball cap, wearing a
blue gi over a red bodysuit and sandals. In her right hand she carried a red bag that she
reached into as she stood upright. “Afternoon Katie, I see you forgot to pack lunch again.”
Katie flushed. “Long night, late morning…”
Akane stared in confusion at the delivery girl, who quickly produced a container from the
bag. “I know, I delivered to you guys last night too, remember?”
“Do you ever sleep?” Katie earnestly wanted to know as she took the container.
“Sleep is for the poor,” the delivery girl said before she noticed and recognized Akane. “Hey,
you’re Tendo Akane, right?”
Akane was surprised that this girl recognized her. “Um… yes?”
The girl nodded, then pointed a thumb at herself. “Daikoku Kaori, big fan. Did you finally
get those boys to stop?”
Akane scowled. “Well, they’ve stopped at least, and they won’t be going after me again.”
And she didn’t care a lick about what happened to them from here on.
Kaori brightened. “Great! I’m glad that’s the case. Some schools around here, the boys don’t
know when to quit even if you kick them around a hundred times—there are some places I
won’t even go anymore no matter how well they tip.”
“Try kicking them through a building, that seems to work,” Akane suggested.
Kaori’s eyes flew wide. “Whoa, give me the deets on that and your next delivery is free—
discounted fif—twenty-five percent.”
“I’ll tell you about it, it’s wild,” Katie said. “Come by at the usual time? My aunt sent a new
diffuser and it’s lit.”
Kaori agreed with a nod. “I’ll bring some food and we’ll make it a party.”
A chime from her gi prompted her to pull from it a smartphone she looked at. “Oh, I got
another delivery. Enjoy the food and see you later!”
The girl waved hastily and rushed back towards the wall, in an instant she vaulted over it, and
she was gone. The speed and swiftness of Kaori’s ascent surprised Akane, who recognized it.
“Parkour, huh?” Akane asked. “You know a bunch of interesting people.”
“You have no idea,” Katie said with a laugh as she opened her container. Inside she found
some hastily assembled fried chicken sandwiches, bottled water, some baked edamame, and a
note.
Opening the note, she frowned as she read it. “Oh, well, so much for hanging out with
Kaori.”
Akane looked at the note. “What is it?”
“My roommate; she’s having family over and when that happens, I’m usually out of the
house for the night.” Katie explained as she held up the note.
“What? That’s not fair!” Akane protested.
“Eh, I have her to myself for most of the month, they’re allowed to visit from time to time,”
Katie countered. “It’s no big, I’ll go get a hotel or something.”
“You could stay at my house overnight. It wouldn’t be a problem at all,” Akane offered.
It was Katie’s turn to be surprised. “Huh? That’s mighty generous of you…”
“Well, I’m really grateful for what you did. if you hadn’t, I’d probably be miserable forever,”
Akane insisted. “Besides, you did say you wanted to train with me, right? And you won’t
have to commute far to get to school tomorrow.”
Katie averted her eyes and took another bite out of her sandwich to distract herself from the
warm and gooey feeling in her chest. This girl was so cute, there was no way she could
refuse. “Well how can I say no, if you insist?”
Akane beamed. “Great! I’ll let my older sister know to prepare a little more dinner tonight!”
Katie chuckled and gave her a playful smile of her own. “Cool.”
A distance away, in the tall trees that grew in Furinkan High’s vicinity, a small shadowy
figure glared darkly at the two young women smiling and eating lunch. His beady eyes
burned with a vengeful fire beneath his bushy brows as he brought an older-style flip phone
to his ear.
For what that awful girl did to his master, there would be no peace—only revenge.
“Kodachi-sama, it is your loyal servant, Sarugakure Sasuke-san. I have grievous news
regarding your dear brother…”
Chapter 5: Peace For A Time
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Tendo Nabiki shared classes with Katie, and as such she was more familiar with the transfer
student than her younger sister. For the first few days she was here, Katie was just a quiet girl
who behaved herself, participated in class, did her schoolwork and, though polite, did her
best to not stand out.
Still, other girls were intimidated by her, the few boys interested in foreign girls were
disillusioned that she wasn't a blonde-haired bimbo with giant tits like all American girls
were supposed to be, and all the other guys in school were too busy trying to beat up Akane
to even notice her.
Nabiki, ever the indomitable one, wasn't bothered in the slightest by Katie. However, living
with Akane did help her spot a wild animal when she saw it, and from day one she knew:
Katie was the exact same sort of punch-happy maniac wanting an excuse to throw down that
Akane was.
She expected a fight at some point to break out, but she didn't expect her to go straight to
calling Kuno out.
Nor did she expect her to be at Kuno's level, or that she'd break him into pieces.
And she most certainly did not anticipate that being what got her out of her shell and friendly
enough that Akane was inviting her to stay the night over at their house.
"She can't go back to her place tonight, and since she helped me out, I wanted to be nice in
turn," Akane explained to Nabiki as they walked home with Katie trailing a bit behind them.
She glanced back at Katie, who passively stared back at her when she noticed her gaze.
Returning the bulk of her attention to her little sister, the elder Tendo shrugged her shoulders.
"Well, don't destroy the house with your sparring or whatever and I don't really care."
"Thank you kindly," a grateful Katie said.
"And we'll keep any fighting in the dojo," Akane promised.
Katie perked up. "You have a dojo?"
"Of course we do," Akane said, like it was perfectly normal. "My Dad runs a school; that's
how I trained."
Nabiki let out a short amused snort at Akane's choice of words. "Runs is a very generous way
to describe it nowadays."
"Oh cool, what's your style?" Katie asked, interested in her cosmopolitan style.
"The Tendo School of Indiscriminate Grappling," Akane revealed with pride.
Katie never heard of anything like that. It sounded like MMA, which was weird knowing the
girl specialized in armed combat. "Indiscriminate?"
Nabiki nodded. "It means exactly what it says. Use whatever however, the only thing against
the rules is losing—and even that is up for interpretation."
That struck Katie with surprise. "Whoa, hold up, you actually train in something like that?"
"Akane does, I'm not at all about that scene," Nabiki chimed.
"Yeah, Nabiki isn't interested in fighting," Akane clarified.
Katie beamed. "Still, I'm impressed! That ain't the kind of fighting you do on a mat or in an
octagon."
"Well, I don't fight for medals, I fight to get stronger." Akane put it so bluntly, Katie's heart
skipped a beat.
"… Hon, I wish I'd met you sooner," she said in wonder, "I wouldn't have spent the last four
months bored out of my goddamn skull."
Akane nodded in reassurance. "We'll make up for it."
Were Katie any less reserved she'd be bouncing with every step, eager to get to Akane's
house and spar with her new friend, but she did start walking a bit faster to keep up with them
now. She didn't need to show it; Akane could sense Katie's anticipation, and she was thrilled
herself—they were going to have so much fun!
Nabiki noticed the vibe humming between them.
Yep, the exact same kind of maniac.
"Four months, you say? You've been here a while."
"Since a little before Christmas, actually," Katie replied.
Some quick math floated through Nabiki's head, before she came upon an epiphany.
"… Oh."
Akane looked at her sister. "What?"
"Yeah, what?" Katie pressed.
Nabiki averted her eyes and coughed. "Oh, for a second, you reminded me of something from
a few months back."
She looked straight ahead and shrugged her shoulders. "It's nothing important, though."
Katie's eyes narrowed a little, while Akane gave her older sister a puzzled stare.
"Good afternoon Akane, Nabiki," a voice called from the trio's right. Akane brightened, while
Nabiki rolled her eyes.
Turning her head to the person who called out to them, Katie lifted an eyebrow at the plain-
looking bespectacled man somewhere in his early twenties, sweeping the front doorway of a
clinic. He had short brown hair and eyes the same color, and was dressed in a plain karate gi.
He didn't seem like much, but looking at Akane go from bright to radiant as she stepped up
to him, she quickly figured it out.
So this is the man she was on about. She thought.
"Good afternoon, Tofu-sensei," Akane greeted as she stopped and bowed. "How are you
doing today?"
Dr. Ono Tofu was all smiles as he leaned on his broom in an informal bow of his own. "Well
for once today, I'm not busy. It seems that the rush of customers I've had over the last couple
days finally petered out."
Nabiki kept walking, and waved over her shoulder. "I'm going on ahead."
Akane barely paid her sister any mind, as she tried to evade the subject of Dr. Tofu's past
customers. "O-oh? That's… well… at least you're not swamped with work, right?"
"Yes, there's still a lot of paperwork I've got to sift through. I might even need to hire an
assistant soon."
He looked over to Katie, and like he was just noticing her he gave a start. "Oh, pardon my
rudeness, are you a friend of Akane's?"
Akane was more than happy to introduce her. "Oh, this is Katie Izurando, she's a transfer
from America."
Looking at Katie, she gestured to Dr. Tofu.
"This is Ono Tofu-sensei, he's been our family doctor for a few years now—he's a medical
prodigy."
"Charmed to meetcha," Katie greeted. "Medical prodigy, you say?"
Dr. Tofu humbly rubbed the back of his head as he humbly played down his youthful
achievement. "Now, I'm not a prodigy. Medicine's just always been a passion of mine, so I
got into it very early."
Akane was pleased as punch to brag about him. "He's only twenty! He was already
graduating college when he was my age. He's studied with the best medical professionals
here in Japan, in America, and Ukraine."
A small jolt ran through Katie, like Akane had said something unpleasant just then. Just as
quickly, it passed. "… Ukraine, huh?"
As if he'd sensed Katie's discomfort, Dr. Tofu quickly changed the subject. "So, on your way
home from school on time, today?"
Akane missed it entirely. "Yes, I actually have a chance to, and Katie is coming to stay the
night."
Dr. Tofu looked back at Katie, his smile still warm and relaxed. "Oh? Be on your guard,
Akane's a bit of a scrapper."
"I've seen it, she's really good," Katie agreed, before she noticed Akane visibly flinching.
"You're a martial artist yourself?" Dr. Tofu asked, as he gave Katie a proper once over.
"Guilty," Katie freely admitted as she recognized his appraisal.
"Fantastic! It'll be nice for Akane to have someone her age who can keep up with her. She
can be pretty rough—I've been taking care of her cuts and scrapes since the first day I opened
these doors."
"I-I've been getting into fights less," Akane was quick to point out.
"Well, a fight isn't much of one if someone is unable to hit back, right? You've really
improved your form over the last couple of days," he said with a wink.
Akane looked like she wanted to protest, but she stopped mid-breath and let it out as a
strained sigh. "… That's right!"
Katie could feel the tension in the air, it was weird.
"Anyway, I should um… get home, Katie really wants to see the dojo. See you later, sensei."
Bowing quickly as Tofu returned her goodbye, and her face a considerable shade of red,
Akane turned and resumed briskly walking home; Katie waved farewell and fell into step
with a teasing grin.
"He's the man you're into, huh?"
"Yeah," Akane admitted.
Katie glanced back and hummed. "Seems like a harmless guy, to me."
Akane's blush grew. "He's so much better than all those stupid boys. More mature, smarter,
stronger…"
She is absurdly cute. Folding her hands behind her head, Katie pulled a small smirk. "… Can
take a hit and not go down like an AV star putting in overtime?"
"Yeah…" Akane whirled upon Katie, startled. "Eh?!"
Katie broke into a laugh at Akane's reaction, and she tried to subdue it into a giggle when she
pouted at her. Is it possible to be too cute?!
Akane raised her nose and closed her eyes, which was even cuter!
"I have to remember that you're an American, so it's easier for you to make crass jokes like
that."
"Heheheheh… if you're going to be this cute reactin' to my crass jokes, then I'm going to
make 'em all the time," Katie promised.
Akane whirled on her, startled once more. "Ah?! Cute?!"
Katie laughed.
@@@@@
Kasumi Tendo was well-used to her little sister Akane's volatile temper, especially in the last
three days. Ever since boys had begun trying to ask her out, Akane had been coming home
completely steamed, slamming doors as she changed to work out her pent-up frustrations in
the dojo. From what Nabiki told her, the boys who were interested in her youngest sister were
really aggressive in their courtship, and she wasn't used to it.
Kasumi accepted it, but there was no discounting that whatever those boys were doing, it was
making Akane angrier.
So it was a surprise for the mature and beautiful eldest of the Tendo sisters to find out that
Akane was in a really good mood when she called her at around lunch time. There wasn't
much explained, just that Akane was bringing a friend home to sleep over, but she sounded so
cheerful and excited that Kasumi was too eager to accommodate her to question it.
Since then she'd been chomping at the bit to find out what happened, and Nabiki's arrival
home had her almost leaping from the kitchen table to greet her.
"Welcome home, Nabiki-chan," she called to her as she made it to the kitchen doorway. "Is
Akane-chan going to be home soon?"
"She's right behind me, with her new friend. I'm going to my room to do homework. Text me
when dinner's ready, I'm gonna have my headphones on."
"What's her new friend like?" Kasumi asked after her.
"A lot like her," Nabiki called back, and her bedroom door closed a moment later.
Kasumi smiled bright and went right to the door, just as Akane was opening it.
"Ahhh! Stop it already!" Akane mock-whined as she walked in.
"But you are, and I'm going to keep saying it, A-ka-ne-ko. You're cute! Cute, cute, cute, cute,
cute."
Akane laughed, as though Katie's praise tickled her. "You're terrible!"
"But you're the cutest!" Kasumi called over to her.
Akane turned to her sister with her bright smile. "Don't you start, too!"
"Welcome home, Akane-chan," Kasumi said gently to her youngest sister.
To Katie, she introduced herself. "And welcome to our home, her new friend. I'm Kasumi."
Katie had a hard time responding, because the very sight of Tendo Kasumi had stolen her
breath away. "Uh…"
This stunningly beautiful woman with long brown hair worn in a ponytail slung over her
shoulder, looking like a perfect housewife in her dress and apron, and wearing a smile that
reminded Katie of coming home from school to cookies, milk, and Disney movies…
This woman was Akane's older sister?!
"Uh… hi, I'm Katie…" She barely managed to squeak out in a low, retreating voice.
Akane looked at Katie, curious about her reaction.
"There's no need to be shy. Please, come in, it's so wonderful to meet a friend of Akane-
chan's." The eldest of Akane's sisters turned to walk back inside, giving her a friendly nod
over her shoulder to her as she headed in.
When she broke eye contact, Katie lowered her gaze, her pale cheeks turning a nice shade of
pink, before she looked away.
Akane sidled closer to her. "Are you okay?"
Katie nodded fast, while putting one hand on the wall and slipping out of her shoes. "Yeah,
uh… yeah'm fine. Your sister, she's really pretty… uh… nice… and stuff… huh?"
Akane chuckled as she recognized Katie's expression. She so totally had a girl-crush on her
older sister.
This wasn't anything new, Kasumi had this effect on a lot of girls back when she went to
High School.
She'd never seen it happen so suddenly, though, let alone with someone who'd been so cool a
few moments ago.
"So, come on, let me show you the dojo! And we can get some training in!" She offered.
"Sure, that sounds good…" Katie replied, still distracted by Kasumi's radiance.
To herself, she thought. Good golly molly…
As Kasumi went back to the kitchen to resume working on dinner, Akane led Katie down the
hall adjacent to the rather spacious Tendo family's dojo—a broad, high-ceiling building that
was half the size of the main house itself. Snapping out of her Kasumi-induced daze, Katie let
out a whistle as she looked around.
"You could train a lot of students here," she said as Akane went to a small closet adjacent to
the door.
"We used to have a whole class, but then my mother died, and Daddy lost interest in training
anyone," Akane said as she began to change out of her uniform for her cream-colored karate
gi. "After that, the class shrank until eventually I was the only one left. I mean I tried to keep
it going, but I guess I was a little too intense for them."
"I can't imagine that," Katie joked as she pulled her own uniform off.
Out of practicality—or rather laziness—she normally wore her exercise clothes under her
uniform. In this case, black and neon green compression shorts and a matching camisole top
she wore underneath. From her bag she grabbed a hair scrunchie to tie her long black hair up
into a ponytail.
Akane finished tying the belt of her gi tight around her waist and turned to face Katie.
"Wow…" Akane murmured, more impressed than she'd ever thought she'd be by a girl. She
was athletically built like she expected, but at the same time her physique concealed her
actual overwhelming strength.
Much like herself, really. Anyone seeing her would see a normally healthy young woman,
and not someone who could demolish crowds of people in minutes.
Katie glanced over at her and smirked. "Wow yourself, lookin' so cute and fierce."
Akane puffed up her chest and took the compliment with a sharp nod. She wasn't going to be
embarrassed by praise here in her element. She walked towards the center of the dojo, Katie
following. "What do you do for your training?"
"My secret is water," Katie replied as she joined her and the two began stretching.
That made the shorter girl pause. "Water how?"
"I do my usual training in a pool, sometimes waist deep, sometimes fully submerged. That
sorta thing, water resistance is crazy good for building up strength," Katie explained.
Akane blanched.
That concerned Katie. "… What?"
"Oh, um… I'm no good with swimming pools…" She admitted. "I'm not that much of a
swimmer, more a sinker."
Katie tilted her head to her in an apologetic bow. "You have my condolences."
Akane brightened back up. "It can't be helped."
"What about you, hon? What's your regimen of choice?"
Akane was happy to move on from the subject of swimming. "Nothing too out of the
ordinary. I use weights, lots of running, and when I'm in a bad mood I break bricks."
She finished stretching. "… I kinda ran out of bricks this past week, though."
Katie likewise continued limbering up and hummed mock contemplation. "I can't imagine
why."
"So," Akane asked as she got ready, "How do you want this spar to go?"
"The first to fall loses?" Katie said.
Akane nodded and smiled. "Well, you asked for it."
Rolling her shoulders and cracking her neck, Katie faced Akane as she popped her knuckles.
They bowed—acknowledging the friendly terms of their spar—and assumed fighting stances.
"Ready?" Akane asked.
"Yeah, let's dance," Katie replied.
"Then here I come!" Akane called out as she rushed straight at Katie with a powerful punch.
The initial attack seemed slow to Katie, until Akane was suddenly in closer faster than she
expected. She quickly brought up her hands like a baseball catcher's and blocked the punch,
the full force pushing her back despite her braced feet.
Her strike was like staring at a train seemingly standing still in the distance, when it was
flying towards the viewer at 300kph.
Surprised, but undaunted, Katie vaulted right up and over Akane, twisting her body around to
deliver a kick that Akane raised one arm to block—before kicking back just as Katie landed,
forcing her to skip backwards from the heel aimed at her cheek.
As she escaped Akane's reach, the older girl took advantage of hers, advancing forward with
quick jabs that Akane parried and deflected, using her footwork and weaving around the
strikes she couldn't block, staying just outside of Katie's attacks while trying to scope out an
opening to break out with. Her opponent was quick though, with barely any gaps between her
blows to capitalize on.
"Good moves, good moves!" Katie complimented as she faked a punch again—to pivot into
the same devastating roundhouse kick she destroyed Kuno with. Akane was much smaller
than Kuno and she used it—ducking under it to counterattack.
As Katie's foot went over her, she realized that the kick was different. The rotation of her hips
made the angle too high. It was a feint!
Just in time, she quickly rolled back as Katie's leg came down much faster, the impact from
her ax kick causing the entire dojo to shake.
"Whoa!" Akane scrambled back onto her feet, avoiding slash-like low kicks that Katie kept
her from capitalizing against with wild and unpredictable feints.
Her footwork is so good… she really loves kicking! She thought right before she fired off a
low kick of her own to stop hers.
When Katie went high, so did she, once again crossing their legs and parrying her. She
pushed onto the offensive, unleashing snap kicks in quick succession aimed for Katie's upper
body, advancing with each kick.
With Katie pushed back, Akane made a full rotation, rushed in low, and fired a right
uppercut, forcing the taller girl to somersault backwards and land a much safer distance away,
bouncing from one foot to the other as she resumed her loose fighting stance.
"Very cool, that almost grazed me," Katie teased.
Akane began to mimic Katie's bouncing motion, she was starting to feel a rush she hadn't
since she went head on with Kuno in kendo. "The next one will do more than that!"
"C'mon, c'mon~!" Katie invited, right before the two danced back into it and swung at each
other.
Inside the sitting room, a napping meditating Tendo Soun was stirred by a noise he hadn't
heard in quite a while: The muffled thumping of footsteps, jumping, and stomping, the shouts
of kiais, and smacks of blows being traded.
It was a nostalgic sound, taking him back to happier days before the tragedy of his wife's
passing; a dojo full of students practicing their moves, sparring, training… all under his
watchful eyes.
The mustachioed head of the Tendo family opened his eyes and smiled as he brought up his
hand to stroke his chin. Ah, he remembered those old days so fondly. Maybe… maybe he
ought to go back to that. Round up some students and teach the art of fighting as he'd been
taught.
… Well, maybe not exactly as he'd been taught, but in a manner that wouldn't have an angry
mob knocking on his door.
An especially loud thump made Soun jump, and it was then that he finally realized that the
racket wasn't just him spacing out and reminiscing.
"Hmm?"
There was another, and now Soun was curious. An especially loud bang followed—the sound
of another of Katie's kicks barely missing its mark, followed by the thumping and shouting as
Akane punished it.
Soun's curiosity could take it no longer, and so he rose and made his way over to the dojo. He
knew how his youngest daughter was when it came to training, and usually affairs such as
sparring were far less violent and even more brief. As he walked down the short hallway
from the main house to the dojo, he found his oldest daughter standing by the doorway,
looking inside.
"Kasumi-chan, what's that racket? Is Akane upset about something?"
Kasumi looked at him, smiling.
"Oh no, she's sparring with a friend from school, it sounded like they were having fun, so I
came to see."
Upon reaching the doorway, he was surprised to see Akane locked in combat with a taller
young woman he'd never seen before.
Katie was on the offensive, jabbing quick and fast at Akane as she withdrew in a defensive
posture, her hands moving just quickly to defend. She caught one punch and deflected it to
her right, used her palm to divert another blow to her left, and brought both hands together to
entirely block a third blow.
As Katie lunged with a fourth jab, Akane hopped back from it onto the wall behind her and
jumped off and lash out with a spinning kick straight for Katie's head.
The taller girl had the wherewithal to raise her arms to block, but when the blow connected, it
still had enough force to lift her off her feet and launch her across the dojo into the wall next
to the doorway. Katie slammed into the wall with enough force to splinter the sturdy wooden
planks that went halfway up its sides.
Landing from her kick at the same time, Akane came to a stop, aghast. "Oh no! Katie, are you
okay?!"
Soun was surprised himself. "Akane, what on Earth are you doing?!"
He looked at the foreign girl embedded in his wall and paled. It was an unfortunate fact that
when Soun's interest in training students began to wane, Akane attempted to pick up his
slack.
This led to the vast remainder of his students fleeing the dojo—or more specifically, fleeing
Akane's wrath. While the girl knew enough to hold back from killing anyone, she was just
aggressive enough in a spar to break someone short of killing them.
It was one thing for local boys to taste her wrath, but a foreign guest?!
Akane looked over. "Daddy? Oh, I was sparring but…"
Katie, looking none the worse for wear, pushed herself out of the indent she made in the
wooden planks. "Don't y'all worry none, I'm okay."
Akane looked back at Katie, awash with relief. "Are you sure?"
"C'mon now, hon, I ain't tryin' to ask you out. I can take a hit," Katie teased as she went right
back into a fighting stance and grinned. "We're just getting warmed up, ain't we?"
Akane's relief turned into the brightest smile Soun had ever seen her with, before she laughed
and returned to her stance.
The two began circling around the center of the dojo floor, like binary stars around a central
point. Soun watched, enamored by the spar now; he couldn't quite recall the last time he'd
seen Akane so thrilled.
"All right, round two, you ready?" Katie asked with a competitive smile.
"If you are. Now that I know what you can take, I'm gonna hit harder," Akane promised.
Katie lit up with anticipation. "Show me what you got, Akaneko!"
Before they could throw themselves back at each other, they were interrupted—by several
smoke bombs rolling across the floor around Akane and Katie and exploding.
Chapter End Notes
Did some updates to this chapter in particular, as well.
Chapter 6: From Where the Shadows are Born
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Ahh, what in tarnation?!” Katie cried out as the smoke filled her nose. When the smell hit
her, she stumbled.
It was disgusting—a pungent mix of rotten eggs and gym socks that stuck to the smoke and
made her eyes water and her gag reflex go off. “It stinks, oh God!”
Akane covered her face in vain as the smoke passed over her, too. Soun, just on the edge of
the smoke bombs, brought the sleeve to his gi up to cover Kasumi’s face as she yelped in
surprise. Fortunately for either, it didn't appear to be that strongly smelling from where they
stood at all.
As the smoke billowed, the triumphant laughter of a young man filled the room, and
recognition made both Akane and Katie freeze.
“K-Kuno?!” Akane gasped.
“What the…?” Katie managed to open one eye and look through the blinding smoke.
That open eye twitched as she snarled. “Are you kidding me…?”
It was the unmistakable silhouette of Kuno, with what should be a broken arm holding out a
bokken at his side as his laughter calmed.
“As you can plainly see, I, Kuno Tatewaki, the Invincible Blade of Furinkan High School,
stand unharmed before you,” he declared. “Your flashy moves and foul demeanor, amusing as
they are, were mere style to make up for the substance you truly lack!”
Katie wiped her eyes again and her expression turned to confusion—then into a flat glare.
Kuno chuckled again and pointed his bokken at her.
“However, if you pack up your things and leave Nerima immediately, to never be seen again,
I will forgive you for your transgression and spare you a truly awful fate.”
He brought the wooden blade to his shoulder and laughed again.
“You must also pay a restitution fee, as well. I do not ask for much, just drop what money
you have on the floor and leave at once.”
By this point the smoke had cleared enough for Akane, Katie, Kasumi, and Soun to see that
“Kuno” was actually a tall bar stool wearing Kuno’s pants, with a very short, bushy-
eyebrowed, monkey-like young man in a ninja gi wearing the top part of his usual attire.
He also wore a wig that helped complete the illusion, and in the hand not gripping the bokken
he held a microphone to his lips as he tried to emote the suaveness of Kuno and let the voice
modulator do the rest.
“And Akane Tendo must go on a date with me, for allowing me to suffer such indignity, at a
later date of my choosing!”
Katie walked up to the ninja and kicked the stool out from under him mid-triumphant
laughter, causing him to fall flat on his face and swallow the microphone.
“Ain’t cool, man,” she snarled.
The ninja, Sarugakure Sasuke, quickly got up—groaning from the nasty sensation of having a
working microphone in his stomach. Hacking out a cough, he looked up at Katie, shocked.
“H-how did you resist my poison smoke?!” He demanded.
"Barely! That stank done almost tore up my nose, ya piece of shit!”
Sasuke pointed at her defiantly. “Now only begins your suffering! I will not forgive you for
what you have done to my master!”
“Your Master? Wait, are you like Kuno’s ninja or something?” Katie asked.
“He is!” Akane snapped angrily.
“I don’t need your forgiveness, but hey… since you’re out of a job now, how about you work
for me? I always wanted a pet ninja.”
“I AM NO ONE’S PET! ESPECIALLY NOT TO A LOOSE, LEWD WOMAN!” Sasuke
roared.
Katie wondered what he meant before she noticed he was gawking at her relatively candid
training attire, and scowled harder.
Realizing he’d been caught gawping, Sasuke folded his arms and turned away. “I am a loyal
servant to the Kuno family, and for them I would gladly lay down my life!”
He turned back to face her, more smoke bombs held between his fingers. “Now prepare for a
taste of true hell–!”
A simple front kick scooped Sasuke straight up into the air, before Katie spun around and
swung a high kick straight up into his stomach with such force that there was feedback from
the unseen speakers he’d used with the mic. This was followed by a muffled pop and Sasuke
belching fire from the whole microphone exploding in his gut.
Akane winced from the racket, while by the door Kasumi brought her hand to her mouth as
she gasped at the violence of Katie’s dispatch of the ninja.
Her leg held high, Katie balanced the folded over ninja on her heel, as she stared up at him.
Her voice seething with contempt, she spoke. “What are you, twelve? ‘A taste of true hell?’”
She brought Sasuke over her head in a wide arc and slammed him into the floor of the dojo
with enough force to buckle the planks and send him straight through the bottom of the dojo
and into the cold, bare dirt under the building.
As splinters rained down around the edge of the hole made in the floor, she leaned down and
looked. He was still conscious, and in quite a lot of pain. Good, she wanted to make sure he
understood completely how badly he fucked up.
“You don’t know nothin’ from nothin’, let alone about some ol’ true hell! Git up on outta
here with that ruckus,” she snarled at the crumpled shinobi.
“Oh my…” Kasumi murmured in a lower voice than usual for her.
Soun gaped at the girl, shaken, as he murmured. “Such power, such ferocity, such
brutality…”
He grinned. “Akane has made a friend that shares her interests well!”
Kasumi turned to him, bouncing in excitement. “I know!”
Katie looked up from the hole and to Soun as she realized the damage she’d done. “Oh shoot,
I’m sorry about the floor. I’ll pay for it, I promise.”
Soun brightened more and turned to Kasumi. “She’s not a cheapskate either!”
Kasumi was less enthused about his attention to that detail.
The patriarch of the Tendo home turned to his new guest to reassure her. “Well, as long as
you’re taking responsibility, I don’t see the harm done.”
Akane joined her side. “That was amazing, Senpai!”
Katie looked over at her. “Senpai?” She cocked her head a bit to her left, to look at Akane
from a slight angle. “I ain’t much of one…”
“That execution—you have to show me how to destroy someone like that!” Akane’s
excitement would be disturbing to anyone who did not know her as well as her family, or as
Katie was beginning to understand.
“I suppose, but Senpai? That just sounds so… I ain’t used to that kind of formality…” Katie
looked back at the hole. “Besides, I didn’t put the little guy out completely.”
Sure enough Sasuke began to haul himself out of the floor. He had an evil smile on his face,
as if getting his butt kicked had been a part of his plan the whole time.
“Hmhmhm… indeed… you were clever to hold yourself back, as I expected you to,” he
croaked.
Akane looked from Sasuke to Katie. “You held back, why?”
“Because we’re being watched,” Katie revealed.
Akane, Kasumi, and Soun looked around quickly.
“Wait, we are?” The youngest Tendo asked. “Who’s there?”
Sasuke let out a weak cackle in triumph. “That is correct! Kodachi-sama, have you seen
enough?”
“Oh my, yes, I certainly have,” a new voice, that of a noble young woman, answered.
Then, the entire inside of the dojo was subjected to a gentle fall of petals from the ceiling.
“Rose petals?” Akane asked.
Katie caught one that fell near her. “They’re black.”
When she looked ahead, her eyes widened again at the sight of the woman responsible for
them. She was simply beautiful, her gorgeous complexion accentuated with black lipstick and
violet eyeliner, and with long silken black hair that was pulled into a side ponytail that
fluttered off the right side of her head and ended past her waist.
She wore a crisp brown and white sailor fuku, with a red ribbon to tie it. It was the uniform of
St. Hebereke, both Katie and Akane realized—one of the really expensive private schools in
Nerima.
Katie could only be impressed at her entrance, circumstances notwithstanding.
So this is the part of town where all the hot, dangerous girls hang out. She thought
“Who are you?” Akane asked, unnerved by the arrival of this unknown, weirdly alluring
woman.
She did not hesitate to introduce herself. “I am Kuno Kodachi, sister of the man you know as
Tatewaki, and mistress of this Sarugakure Sausuke.”
She gestured to the ninja, who was still grinning maliciously at them.
Akane entered a fighting stance, as did Katie.
“So what, you want a hospital bed beside your brother? Because I’m already done with your
whole family.” The latter warned.
“Same here!” The former agreed.
“Given your reactions, it is obvious to me that what my servant has described is true. You
humiliated my brother, shattering his bones, his pride, and his spirit. You left him a hollow
wreck of a man, who had to be carted to hospital nearly in pieces.”
Kodachi looked between the two of them, before settling on Katie and gesturing to Akane.
“All because you took objection to his courtship of this homely girl?”
Akane almost lunged to start punching her bloody. “Homely?!”
Katie held her arm out, holding the firebrand back. “I shut him down because he was bullying
the whole school into beating her up. Why wouldn’t I?”
Kodachi let out a soft, dark laugh. “For that, I believe a fitting reward is in order, for your
selfless intervention at my brother’s expense.”
Katie snorted. “Oh, and what would that be?”
Sasuke laughed. “You know nothing of Kodachi-sama's madness, and how deadly she can be
in battle!”
Katie and Akane looked at him, then back at Kodachi.
“Vicious beast of a woman!” He called Katie out with a fist clenched, eager to see Kodachi’s
first blow. “You only barely withstood my poison! Allow my Mistress to show you what a
real terror of toxins is capable of!”
Kodachi reached behind her.
Katie and Akane prepared for anything.
They were not prepared for her to draw a beautifully crafted engraved silver handheld mirror
lined with black rose patterns and offer it to them.
“Here, a token of my gratitude,” she said, “A one-of-a-kind artisanal mirror commissioned as
a gift for me for my sixteenth birthday; valued at well over seven hundred thousand yen.”
Akane and Katie dropped their stances, confused at the offer of a genuine reward instead of
some sinister attack. At the same time, Sasuke all but leaped out of the hole.
“WHAT?!” The ninja yelled out.
Looking at the mirror, Katie reached out with slight hesitation and took it. “Okay…?”
Kodachi continued. “I would also like to offer my sincerest apologies. My brother can be
something of a boor when it comes to that which he cannot have, throwing tantrums this way
and that. This treatment of you, Tendo-san, is absolutely unacceptable to the proud name of
the Kuno family.”
Sasuke could not believe what he was hearing. “K-Kodachi-sama, but your brother… his
love…!”
“Love? Is that what he calls his disgraceful behavior?” Kodachi asked, amused by the very
notion.
Sasuke nodded. “Yes! His love for Tendo Akane burns brighter than any star, his passion is
unmatched by that of a hundred men, two hundred!”
Kodachi’s gaze fell upon Sasuke, sharper than any blade, making him freeze with fear. “A
passion that can outmatch two hundred men, but cannot best one girl?”
Katie had to look away, to protect her eyes from that burn. “Dang…”
Akane almost felt sympathy for the little creep, when she saw Sasuke’s shattered expression.
“I think putting him through the floor was nicer…”
Kodachi thrust forth her hand, pointing at Sasuke. “You let your devotion to my brother cloud
your judgment on a matter as sacred as love! That fool rightfully earned his crushing defeat
for his embarrassing idea of courtship, and unjustly seeking revenge upon his behalf
rightfully earned you yours! OHOHOHOHOHOHO!”
Katie worried her lower lip. Okay, she’s hot, crazy, and does the ojou-sama laugh. Girls in
this neighborhood are amazing.
How did she not find this part of Nerima sooner?
A beeping from the house caught Kasumi’s attention and she brightened. Turning back to the
group, she called. “Excuse me, Kodachi-san, does this mean that you’re a friend of Akane-
chan’s?”
“An acquaintance, at best, but I bear no ill-will towards her.”
That pleased Kasumi to hear it. “Well there’s no need to be a stranger, please sit down for
dinner with us. It’s just about ready to serve.”
Akane was on the fence about this. On one hand, being friends with Kodachi didn’t seem so
bad if her idea for showing apology was handing out expensive gifts and hurling abuse at
people trying to mess with her.
On the other, it’d give her brother an excuse to come straight to the house.
On the gripping hand, Kuno Tatewaki was a broken shell of a man who wouldn’t be
bothering her for a while at least.
Furthermore, if she was as athletic as she looked, she could probably learn a few things from
her (and about her brother) and incorporate that into her style, so in case Tatewaki did come
back to bother her? Akane would have even less of a problem pummeling the pompous
ponce.
That reconsideration tipped her hand. “Please, Kodachi-san, join us for dinner. Kasumi is a
very good cook.”
Kodachi took a moment to ponder the offer. “Well, it has been some time since I’ve had a
meal prepared by someone other than my servant…”
She looked down at Sasuke, much as one would look upon an insect needing to be stomped
on. “And since the fool will be indisposed for some time due to his injuries, I will gratefully
take your offer.”
Akane and Katie both smiled, for different but overlapping reasons.
“Great!” Akane cheered.
“Cool,” the taller girl said with her.
Kasumi gestured for everyone to follow her. “Wonderful, please come to the sitting room.”
Soun couldn’t help his own smile. When did this house suddenly get so lively?
Chapter End Notes
Thanks for reading, leave a comment.
Chapter 7: Friends of the Black Rose
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
With her headphones on, Nabiki had missed most of the racket, but still heard it. The
thumping and bumping had gotten particularly loud towards the end, but since there was no
screaming and shouting in the aftermath, she reckoned that things went well enough and
focused on the task at hand—watching the video of a fight in the dark confines of a nightclub
setting.
While the quality of the camera was excellent, the lighting was bad and there was just too
much noise from the crowd to hear what was being shouted—in English no less—between
the combatants.
One was a tall girl wearing a black suit and matching tie, but any evidence of her hair’s
length was tied up in a fishtail milkmaid style braid.
The other was a much smaller Japanese girl, dressed in a cream-colored cocktail dress and a
white fur-lined jacket, with long curly brown hair.
The shorter girl was swarming all over the taller one with punches and kicks, forcing her to
turtle under the incessant barrage.
She’d seen this video enough times to recognize the girl on the offensive: Shiratori Azusa,
one half of the legendary figure skating duo known as the Golden Pair. Cute as a button, but a
dangerous martial artist off the ice rink and on it, she was demonstrating her fantastic agility
and striking skills all over the monolithic figure that, until very recently, Nabiki didn’t have a
name to go with her.
A violent kick collided with the tall girl’s crossed arms, and she staggered backward across
the flashing dance floor. Azusa didn’t let up, closing the distance in a dancing fashion to
throw off where she was going to attack from while building up incredible speed for the
blow. As the taller girl’s arms came down, Azusa zigged left, zagged right, and landed a right
cross directly into the tall girl’s cheek.
Like she’d just hit the face of a mountain, Azusa’s punch did not budge the tall girl, who
stood stock still, staring back down at her before Nabiki froze the moment.
“Huh.”
The frame didn’t hold too much detail, but even in the poor light Nabiki could make out the
unmoved girl’s pale, pretty face against the stage illuminating her from below.
No wonder Katie didn’t talk much to anyone at all until today—the girl had some baggage,
and cleaning Kuno’s clock with an actual clock was going to attract trouble once word got
around.
How problematic, Nabiki was going to have to stay ahead of this, if for her own comfort.
Leaning back in her chair, she raised her hands above her head and stretched. She stopped,
when a new implication loomed.
Oh, that is going to be a thing, too, isn’t it? I should put my ear to the ground first thing
tomorrow. No doubt the peanut gallery is going to be all a-twitter over Furinkan losing its
shooting star… She thought.
Whatever further musings she had on the matter at hand were shelved, when her phone lit up
with Kasumi’s text. Dinner was ready.
Leaving her room, Nabiki kept her mind on what she knew now of Katie and the impression
she had when she was a mystery girl in a leaked video.
The American had kept to herself enough that it really did seem out of character that she’d
suddenly become a stereotypical transfer student shaking up the status quo. But it wasn’t like
Nabiki had gone out of her way to talk to her, which was why this annoyed her right now.
Not that it mattered, if Katie was going to be friends with Akane, there was plenty of time to
learn about her.
She reached the bottom of the stairs, her mind fully made up on what to do for now.
When she entered the sitting room and saw Kuno Kodachi sitting at the table, it all went out
the window.
What is she doing here? Nabiki thought.
Kodachi was in the middle of speaking with her hosts. “… I’ve been curious about the girl
who has bewitched my brother’s heart, between the constant ravings, the poetry, the pictures,
the shrine, the body pillows…”
Katie did a quick double take while Akane looked downright horrified. “Wait, body
pillows…?”
“I was beginning to wonder if you were a celebrity,” Kodachi revealed.
“Oh no, she’s just the most popular girl in school,” Kasumi praised, to Akane’s
embarrassment.
“I’m not that popular…” She muttered as she came down from her revulsion.
“Yes, you are,” Katie and Nabiki said in unison.
Katie looked up at the newly arrived middle sister. “Oh, howdy.”
Nabiki gave a casual nod to Katie as she took her spot at the table.
Akane grumbled. “Well, I’m not popular anymore now that those idiot boys know I don’t
want anything to do with them.”
Kodachi hummed. “Not a single one?”
Akane nodded. “Those desperate dweebs may as well be dead to me.”
“They’re dead to pretty much every girl in the whole town after what they did,” Katie said.
Kasumi was blithe about it. “Well, I don’t really care for younger men, so it’s no loss to me.”
Katie glanced over to the eldest Tendo. “Really? W-what sort is your type?”
Put on the spot, Kasumi brought a hand to her cheek, as her face tinted pink. “Oh my, it’s
kind of embarrassing really. It's not a dinner table conversation for me.”
Kodachi rested a finger on her cheek, she was contemplating something. “So all of those
young men are burakumin in the eyes of the women at the school?”
Akane nodded. “That’s about it.”
“Fascinating, I will be visiting your school in the coming days to take a tour of this
phenomena myself; would you be so generous as to show me around?”
“As long as you don’t plan on taking your brother’s place as the resident lunatic,” Akane
offered.
Kodachi laughed, sending a shiver down Katie’s spine. “Ohohoho! Tendo-san, as a token of
my forgiveness, you needn’t worry about me. I swear upon my family’s honor that I, Kuno
Kodachi, will be your friend and confidante for life. I’ll do what I can to make up for my
boorish buffoon of a brother.”
That had Nabiki lifting an eyebrow. “Wait, huh?”
Kasumi clasped her hands together. “That’s so kind of you!”
Akane was stunned. “That… really?”
“Truly!” Kodachi said before turning to Katie. “And to you as well, Izurando-san. I don’t
want any bad blood between our houses. Let us let bygones be bygones.”
Katie didn’t hesitate. “Sure, that sounds good. Long as you keep your brother out of our
hair.”
“You have permission from me to deal with him as you see fit, short of actually killing him of
course.”
Katie nodded. “In that case, next time I’ll break his legs.”
“That will be fine by me, but you may have to wait a while for another opportunity!”
Kodachi said with another powerful laugh.
Her generosity was unexpected, suspicious even. It was as if she was getting something
pretty big out of this and Nabiki wanted to know exactly what it was.
Soun, quite impressed by Kodachi’s vow—and seeing the possible financial benefits—was
more than happy with this new development. “Akane-chan, your friend Kodachi-kun is more
than welcome in our home.”
“Just so long as her brother isn’t,” Akane again affirmed.
“I’ll keep him out when you can’t,” Katie said.
“So you’ll be coming over more often?”
“Whenever you need me. We’re friends, too, right?” Katie asked.
Akane let out a small laugh, as she beamed right back at Katie. “Yeah, we are!”
She said to Kodachi. “You, too!”
Kodachi was quite taken by the happy girl’s smile, just as every other hopeless soul who saw
it tended to be, and returned it in kind. “It is an honor.”
Nabiki’s gaze darted between Akane, Katie, and Kodachi. In one day—less than one, really—
everything just got flipped on its head and there really was no telling what was going to
happen next.
“Well, dinner was fabulous, Tendo-san, but I must be on my way,” Kodachi said as she
finished her plate and rose. “I have class in the morning and homework to complete.”
She produced from nowhere a stack of yen and set it on the table right in front of Nabiki. “A
token of appreciation and gratitude for the lovingly crafted meal.”
She bowed politely to them, before going outside. “I will see you soon, Akane-san, Izurando-
san!”
Laughing that laugh Katie found so incredible, Kodachi took off into the night, leaving
Nabiki staring blankly down at the stack of 100,000 yen casually tossed down by the younger
of the Kuno siblings.
That was 100,000 yen. Right there. In front of her eyes.
“She really is generous,” Kasumi said, surprised as well by the amount of money offered.
“I’ll say!” Soun said as he reached for it, only for Nabiki to move faster than she ever moved
to snatch it up herself.
“Mine,” she said impulsively, earning pointed looks from her father, her younger sister and
her beastly friend.
Recoiling, she tried to look less money grubbing and forced a crooked smile. “Er… as in… I
will make sure that this is safely deposited.”
The stares cooled off, and Nabiki looked down at the tremendous amount of money with no
small amount of giddiness. The status quo was gone, and there was no telling what to make
of this new beginning… but Nabiki already knew she intended to make the most of it.
|Meanwhile, back in China|
Everything went wrong.
First, in clear defiance and disregard of the warnings, Genma and Ranma leapt into action, to
train atop the bamboo poles of the Jusenkyo Springs. Everything was fine and dandy, with no
sign of anything going wrong—aside from the protests of the guide—but then Ranma kicked
his father into the Spring of the Drowned Panda.
An apt name, because instead of his father, what emerged from it was a grizzly bear-sized
and indignant panda which promptly batted Ranma straight into the Spring of the Drowned
Young Girl.
As expected of its description, Ranma emerged from the spring in the body of a short,
buxom, and unbelievably cute redheaded girl.
With a scream of horror, and then of rage, father and son—rather panda and daughter—spent
the next few hours with the former being chased and pummeled by the latter.
At some point during this chase, Ranma may have knocked someone else into a spring, but in
his rage, he did not see who or what spring they fell in. He wasn’t even sure if it actually
happened, and he was angry about that, too.
Now he was a girl, his dad was a panda, he was tired, angry, hungry…
“ACHOO!”
… And actually coming down with a cold now, too. Today was the worst day ever and he
was not sure how it could get worse.
“Hey, tour guide, you've been walking us down this path for hours. How can you be sure that
there’s a place that can help us here?” He asked the man.
“There place, yes. Village with ancient history! Wise, wise elders who know very much of
curses, yes? You get good cure here.”
“Can I get a warm bed and a meal, too? Because I’m tired and I’m starving!” Ranma moaned,
his panda dad agreeing with a growl right as a modest-sized but walled-off and heavily
guarded village came into view.
“Mr. Customers, you need not worry, we is here,” the tour guide revealed. “This village of
Women Warriors, they fix everything. It all be a-okay one hundred percent.”
Ranma looked with relief at the village and sighed. Though the words weren’t exactly what
he’d go for in terms of reassurance, it sounded like this nightmare was finally coming to an
end.
Chapter End Notes
Don't worry, Ranma. Everything will be okay, surely nothing will go wrong.
Chapter 8: Volume 3 Good Kids, SAD City: Vice Principal
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning at the Tendo Dojo was a hive of activity. In the backyard of the house, an
invigorated Soun was shadow boxing, and in the sitting room Nabiki watched him while she
sipped a glass of juice. Kasumi was busy at work cooking for her family plus their guest, and
just finishing up to her satisfaction.
“Akane-chan, Katie-chan, breakfast is almost ready!” Kasumi sang and the sound of
footsteps coming down the stairs followed. “Are you ready for class?”
“We’re ready as we’ll ever be,” Akane called back as she and Katie strode into the sitting
room and sat down.
Katie sat down next to Akane and ran her fingers through her long black hair, fanning it out
and letting it fall against her shoulders and back. She had a restful night’s sleep on a
comfortable bed roll that Akane set out next to her bed.
“Well, I feel refreshed. How you doin’ this morning?”
Nabiki was a half-second slow to realize Katie was speaking to her and lowered her juice.
“Oh? I’m okay; not really looking forward to today, though.”
Akane looked over as Kasumi came in with several covered bowls of breakfast. “What is it?”
“Well, Kuno’s gone, so the faculty is going to take control at school,” Nabiki lamented.
That puzzled Akane. “Isn’t that what’s supposed to happen?”
“I for one welcome anyone competent enough to do their job,” Katie added.
“And there’s the rub. These are the same guys who let Kuno have free reign of the school.”
Katie grimaced. “Oh.”
“Can you blame them? Kuno probably challenged them to a duel, or something silly like
that,” Akane said.
Katie huffed. “Iffin’ that’s the case, you think the teachers would’ve had to date him if they
lost, too?”
Akane and Nabiki both had a laugh at that.
Kasumi sat down with them after setting the last of the dishes out. “Well, if Okamada-sensei
is still the Vice-Principal, it should be fine, shouldn’t it?”
“We have a Vice-Principal?” Akane asked, surprised.
“Yes, he was Vice-Principal when I went to Furinkan for my first year, and he was the only
one who could really keep the principal contained. By Summer break he convinced him to go
to Hawaii and we never saw him again.”
“How bad was the Principal?” Katie dared to ask.
Kasumi sat still for a moment, her gaze unfocusing as she stared at the far wall of the sitting
room.
Katie and Akane shared a look as a moment went by with no movement from Kasumi.
Without warning, the eldest sister snapped out of it. “What’s important is that we never saw
him again.”
Katie and Akane shared another concerned look.
“After that, school was more peaceful, but I decided to leave to devote my time here at
home,” Kasumi went on like she didn’t just have a post-traumatic flashback.
Mulling on that as she began to fill her plate, Katie decided to sit on the brighter side of it.
“Well, as long as he’s a peaceful guy then we’ll have a peaceful time. I doubt anyone’s going
to cause much trouble after yesterday, and if anyone does, I’ll handle them,” she said
“We’ll handle them,” Akane corrected.
Katie chuckled. “Pardon me, we will handle them.” She corrected herself and earned a smile
from Akane.
With breakfast done, the three girls left the Tendo residence and headed to the school. As far
as morning walks went for Akane, it was a much-welcomed change of pace. It had only gone
on for three days, and ended just yesterday, but being able to go to school with no worries for
once made it feel like she’d been suffering for weeks.
“It’s so weird,” Akane said as they neared the gate.
“Having no violent mob to greet you?” Katie teased.
“Yeah,” Akane said before she looked up at the covered clock.
Katie let out a silky chuckle. “Soon you’re gonna miss the attention, Akaneko.”
“Not likely, ever, I’m never going to miss a boy, especially any of them.”
“Ah, to be so young,” Nabiki said as they passed the threshold to the front yard of the school.
Barely two steps into the schoolyard, and Akane bumped into someone who walked into her
path. Surprised, she pushed him back and gave a yelp when she realized it was one of the
school’s male students.
“Ugh, back off!” She snapped at him.
The student stumbled back, and with a muttered “Sorry” he lumbered away from Akane—not
towards the doors but towards the school’s wall.
Watching the dazed boy leave, she looked back at Katie and Nabiki. They were both looking
at the curious sight all around them: the schoolyard was packed with male students left and
right.
There was no mistaking them, they were all the very same boys who’d aggressively lusted for
Akane in the days prior, but it was clear that her explosion had a dramatic effect on them.
They were all pale, almost completely colorless; it was like looking at a grayscale manga
drawing compared to everything around them. They all had the same lifeless expressions, as
well, and their gazes were held firmly to the ground, looking no higher than anyone’s ankles.
“Huh,” Katie said as she nudged one of the meandering boys.
“Sorry,” he muttered as he drifted away like a balloon bouncing off her.
Nabiki scratched her cheek with one finger, and pushed another of the boys, and he went
stumbling in the direction he was shoved.
“Sorry,” he said, before he tripped, fell, and laid there on the ground motionless.
“Dang, I think they’re actually broken,” Katie said.
“Woe, for my ability to care is nonexistent,” Akane said with her hand upon her chest.
Nabiki nudged the prone student, and he spoke a muffled “Sorry” into the dirt. “Frankly, I’m
impressed they had enough sentience to get up and come to school today.”
“They’re going through the motions … I think,” Katie said as she kept poking another boy’s
cheek.
“… Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry…”
“Definitely an improvement,” Katie said as she relented and let the young man wander off.
“Though I think if they’re gonna wander around like livestock, we’d better put bells on ‘em.”
Nabiki and Akane both looked at Katie and jumped.
“They’re like ghosts, I’m looking right at them, and I can barely tell they’re…” She noticed
their jump and looked back. “What…?”
She jumped back as well, flying to her guard, when she saw the slight, weary-looking
middle-aged man in a suit standing right behind her. The man came up to Katie’s nose in
height, with a wrinkled and pitted face and a severely receding hairline.
“Who…?” Katie began.
“Good morning, I am the Vice-Principal of Furinkan, Okamada-sensei,” the old man
introduced himself.
This was the Vice-Principal? No wonder no one noticed him, he was the image of a man who
wouldn’t be noticed unless he was standing directly in front of someone, and he was barely
there now.
Still, Katie bowed politely to him, Akane and Nabiki doing the same.
“Good morning, sensei,” all three said.
The Vice-Principal returned his bow. “Good morning, Akane-san, Nabiki-san, Katie-san. I
hope that you are well this morning, and that you experienced no difficulty on your way to
school.”
“It was the nicest walk to school I’ve had in the last couple days, everything is much quieter
now,” Akane said freely.
Katie watched a boy walk between them in a fugue and bounce off another zombie-like lad.
“We’re gonna need to build a pen for all these boys, though.”
Okamada looked to his left at one of the boys and shook his head slowly. “That is a shame.
The fire of youth in their souls ran wild without forethought or reflection; it is the unfortunate
state of affairs here in Nerima, that makes them like this.”
He shook his head, filled with pity. “Before I needed to worry over a single young man—now
all of these young men have paid for his folly by having their spirits snuffed out.”
“Folly is bein’ a bit generous,” Katie mumbled.
Turning to the girls, he bowed deeply. “On behalf of myself and the faculty of the school, we
acknowledge that mistakes were made in how what happened over these past few days was
handled.”
Akane was a bit taken aback by the gesture. “Oh! Well, thank you… and just do not let it
happen again.”
“Not that it can,” Katie chimed in as she envisioned where the pen to keep them would go in
the courtyard.
She’d probably need a dog to help herd them.
“Yes, going forward there will be changes to how the school is administered, with steps to
contain raucous behavior at the forefront. You needn’t worry anymore, it is my sworn duty
now to ensure that Furinkan High School will be a paradise,” Okamada assured them.
“Good!” Akane said brightly, thankful that more change was in the wind.
“Yeah, thanks,” Katie agreed.
Nabiki just hummed and nodded.
“Now, hurry to class before the bell rings,” Okamada ordered, and the three girls turned and
bolted off to the building.
Soon as they were up the stairs and through the door, he heaved a sigh and looked around at
the sad mess of empty young men milling around him. He brought his right hand to his
mouth, covering it, before he bowed his head and spread his palm across his face like a man
in grief.
“… These young men deserve better…”
It was too much to bear.
“It is no one’s fault but my own. I was too meek, slow, too com-”
He stopped himself as he realized he was gripping his own face like he wanted to tear it off.
“No.”
Abruptly he stopped and lowered his hand.
“I am the Vice-Principal of this school.”
It will be Okamada Kamoyo who made everything right.
Chapter End Notes
Here's hoping someone watched the live action special! Heh! Hehehe! Heh... ehh...
Chapter 9: Delinquency
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
On the northern side of Nerima was Butsumetsu High School, an All-Boys Reform School
where many of the Ward’s worst delinquents wound up regardless of academic performance.
Here, in spite of the school’s purpose, the students were free to brawl and scrap as they saw
fit, on and off the school grounds, and even during the middle of class.
They were a band of brigands, and not an uncommon sight in the neighborhood—motivated
by an uncaring faculty and society that’d given up on most of them as failures who would
never amount to anything more than violent thugs.
Such was the case now, meeting in an empty lot on the edge of their turf near the more
affluent Taian neighborhood, where a particularly large group of the school’s delinquents
were gathered. They were all rough and tumble youths who seemed to cover a wide swath of
delinquent cultures and stereotypes, from the old schoolers who were built and dressed like
Edajima Heihachi was the principal of Butsumetsu, to the more stylishly modern looking
guys straight out of J-Rap videos.
They all proudly wore the black uniforms of Butsumetsu—some had patches from past
damage, others no sleeves, and others just draped the uniform jackets on their shoulders like
capes as they brandished all manner of blunt instruments.
The Butsumetsu boys were squaring off against their complete opposite: A gang of only a
dozen immaculately dressed, well-styled, and exceptionally pretty young men from the Taian
neighborhood.
None wore school uniforms, but their sharp, casual clothes, well-kept hair, and fashionable
accessories from rings to chains were on point—they looked more ready for a date than a
backlot brawl.
Their leader, wearing a cream-colored suit, with spiky brown hair and matching-colored eyes,
stepped up ahead of his stylish underlings, and sniffed dismissively towards the students.
“Well, well, well… there’s a whole lot more of you than I expected,” he said before he
looked at the largest of them near the center of the group, and visibly flinched.
He was a big man, easily twice the size of the largest of the Butsumetsu students in both
height and width. He was also as ugly as he was big, with a dome-shaped head devoid of hair
sans three individual hairs sprouting at the top, massive, wrinkled lips, and beady eyes hidden
behind tiny round black sunglasses.
He made the handsome leader and every member of his well-dressed crew a little sick to look
at for too long. “I see you even brought your tank with you. He looks ready to soak up some
chicken grease instead of damage, though.”
Just beside the massive Butsumetsu student, another delinquent stepped up. Average-sized
(but looking small like everyone else besides the big man) and built, he had short curly black
hair that gave him the nickname he went by in the gang.
“You guys finally got enough balls to show your faces during the day, eh, Suzuki?” He asked
the leader of the group. “I figure you Pick Up Martial Artists would be too busy playfighting
to impress dumb broads to show up for a real scrap!”
Suzuki, as the leader was named, scowled at the nickname. “We’re Host Club Martial Artists!
Get it right, jackasses!”
Curly brought a hand to his ear. “What was that? I could’ve sworn you guys just practiced
karate to impress chicks and then pump and dump ‘em when you’ve roped them in… that
sounds way less stylish than a Host.”
That cut too, and Suzuki assumed a forward fighting stance. “You’re talking mad shit for
someone within ass-kicking distance.”
Curly put up his dukes, like he was ready to box against Suzuki’s more esoteric martial arts.
“I could be closer.”
Suzuki sneered and his entire body flickered before reappearing halfway between where he
had stood and Curly. He accelerated, remaining a blur as he closed in to shut the bad-
mouthing Butsumetsu punk with a chop to his throat, but as he reached him, he stopped and
jumped away.
The big guy besides Curly, who had not moved previously, swung at him with one of his
powerful arms—the giant of a young man much faster than his size suggested.
“Shit!” Suzuki yelped as the air disturbed from the blow threw him off, and he landed several
paces away with his guard up.
I didn’t even see him move… The handsome young man realized.
Laughing at Suzuki’s reaction, Curly folded his arms as the big guy stepped up, cracking his
knuckles. “You should’ve done your homework, Suzu—this ain’t just some tank! He gets
zapped by Lum Invader every other day, and even in a straight fight she couldn’t keep him
down! What makes you think that you’re going to stand a chance against him?!”
Suzuki stopped. “He fought Lum Invader, then this is…”
The big guy nodded. “Yeah… I’m Sōban, leader of this gang.”
Suzuki adjusted his posture to a horse stance. “I heard you were ugly, but jeez. I have a
question for you, though.”
Sōban grunted back, while not assuming any stance of his own. “Hm?”
Suzuki grinned. “When was the last time you fought someone other than an alien chick?!”
He vanished again and reappeared a few paces forward, to Sōban’s right, striking a fabulous
pose straight out of JoJo. “Dazzling!”
Flickering again, he was at Curly’s left, posed with his jacket open, its short back blowing in
a nonexistent wind. “Stunning!”
Before either could move, Suzuki disappeared again and was suddenly above Sōban and
Curly, rose petals and sparkles surrounding him before he abruptly accelerated downward
towards him. “This is a… STYLISH KICK!”
Sōban swung an uppercut into Suzuki’s dive kick. Instead of shattering his leg and sending
him twirling through the air, Sōban’s mighty fist connected and both attacks stopped—a
powerful blast of displaced air expanding from the impact and pushing back the combatants
on both sides.
Jumping back, Suzuki landed again, stunned by the sheer strength of the other student.
Behind him, his gang were similarly shocked.
“Aniki’s attack was on fleek, h-how could a buffoon like that just stop it with one punch,
man?!” One asked.
“That thing’s as strong a monster as it’s ugly!” Exclaimed another.
On Butsumetsu’s side, there was a mutual surprise at Suzuki’s ability to not be instantly
killed by Sōban’s blow.
“Eeesh, I could’ve sworn that PUMA would’ve been blown away,” one of the rowdy, rough
boys said in surprised amusement.
“He’s more than just a pretty face!” Another declared.
“Good, he might hold up a bit while the boss is rearranging it!” Teased another one.
Sōban shook his hand. “Hmph, that stung.”
Curly slapped the back of his hand against Sōban’s side and laughed. “Geez, big guy. Way to
show off!”
He turned his attention to Suzuki. “All right, the exhibition’s over. Are we going to throw
down, or has it gotten into your pretty little head that your flashy moves ain’t gonna help you
against our down and dirty styling?!”
The other Butsumetsu boys broke into cheers, throwing their fists into the air as they got fired
up.
Sniffing, Suzuki stood straight and brushed his fingers through his hair. Swinging his hand
aside, he smirked as sparkles flew off his fingertips and masculine beauty radiated from his
posed form. Behind him, the other members of his gang struck fabulous fighting poses—
sparkles, bubbles and roses rising like an aura around them.
“It’s not our policy to cater to males, but we’re going to serve you up a beating straight to
hell!” Suzuki promised.
The two sides, bursting with the violent energy of youth, began to fan out as they sized each
other up. Strategies and tactics forming and failing on the fly, as they prepared to plunge into
a melee.
With the tension skyrocketing as Suzuki assumed a more conventional stance and Sōban
posed like a bear ready to lunge, neither side was prepared for another, smaller boy from
Butsumetsu to come running into the lot in a panic, flailing his arms.
“Guys! Guys!” The student shouted as he ran straight up to Sōban and his right-hand man.
“Boss! Curly! You guys ain’t gonna believe this!”
Curly looked over to him. “Hey, Chibi! We’re in the middle of smacking down these joke
PUMAs!”
“We’re Hosts!” Suzuki corrected at the top of his lungs.
“Forget about them, this is way more important! Kuno Tatewaki is in the hospital!”
Both sides forgot about their confrontation on the spot and looked towards Chibi like he’d
just told them the emperor had been assassinated. Curly and Sōban both fell slack-jawed, the
other Butsumetsu boys shouting in disbelief around them. On their side, Suzuki went tense
with alarm while the other Host Martial Artists looked at each other with worry.
“The hell happened to the strongest guy in Furinkan?” Curly asked over the other boys in the
gang clamoring for info as they gathered around, only to be held back by Sōban to keep them
from crowding on the smallest member of their gang.
Chibi was grateful for the gesture and explained. “Yesterday morning, he got into a fight in
the school yard, and he got destroyed. They’re saying every bone in his body’s been broken!”
One of the strongest guys in the Nerima ward… the Soaring Eagle of Furinkan High School,
one of the rising stars of the Kendo Circuits. A guy whose skill with a wooden sword was
enough to keep Butsumetsu away from the river that bordered their turf with the Furinkan
neighborhood to the south. Kuno Tatewaki was as weird as they came for this town—but his
power was recognized, respected, and feared.
Even Sōban was wary of taking him on, so he wanted to know the responsible party more
than anyone. “Who did it?”
Curly agreed. “Yeah, who’d he piss off?!”
Suzuki and the other Host Martial Artists came over as well. With everyone more concerned
about this development, their battle could wait for later—much later if Kuno was really going
to be down for the count.
“Out with it,” Suzuki said, “Who’s the guy that kicked Kuno off his throne?”
Chibi looked over at Suzuki and stepped back to address everyone. “That’s just it! It wasn’t a
guy… Kuno got his butt kicked by a girl!”
Silence fell, as both sides stared at Chibi like he’d abruptly grown forty feet tall. Curly
recoiled a step from Chibi, before he leaned in. “What? There ain’t a girl that strong at
Furinkan.”
Suzuki couldn’t believe it either. He had heard rumors of a girl in the last few days who’d
gotten Kuno’s attention, but…
“There is! Two of them even!” Chibi shot back.
Confusion went right back to full-on astonishment. Two super strong girls? Curly wasn’t
having it. “Dude… that doesn't make sense. We would’ve heard about two strong girls a long
time ago!”
Another boy spoke. “Yeah, that sounds like Lum-chan, or Fujinami, or Shin-”
Everyone in both gangs lunged to silence the boy, and for good reason as Sōban became more
alert than he seemed even in combat just moments ago. Frozen, the boys all stared at the
Butsumetsu boss, who looked around with fervent eagerness, before calming back down.
All of them sighed in mutual relief.
Suzuki looked back at Chibi. “Please tell me you have some details or proof, or something?”
“I can tell you what happened, from what I overheard. The guys at Furinkan were trying to go
out with this girl, and she just kept beating their asses when they tried to ask her out. She
won’t date anyone who can’t beat her so pretty soon the entire school got into it,” he
explained.
The boys began to murmur in disbelief even as Chibi continued.
“Then yesterday, Kuno himself shows up to take her on—and this other girl just steps in and
nearly kills him for trying! He couldn’t even touch her!”
Astonishment petered out, turning into mild skepticism. The boys of both groups looked
amongst their own sides and even to the other as they tried to process that. Now Curly was
flat out having a problem with the concept entirely.
“Yeah, I’m gonna call bullshit on it… you got any proof at all?”
Before Chibi could offer any, Sōban—who towered above his peers—pointed towards the
edge of the vacant lot. “Those are Furinkan boys.”
Everyone looked over, and sure enough spotted a couple Furinkan students wandering past
the chain-link fence that bordered the lot and the street. They shambled as they walked,
dragging their feet and swaying back and forth like zombies. There wasn’t a single hint of
color with them, all life and vibrance was drained from their bodies.
It was a disturbing sight for everyone to behold.
“What… happened to them?” Suzuki asked, unnerved.
Chibi pointed over. “That’s the worst part. After Kuno got creamed, the girl all the guys had
been fighting just went nuclear. She screamed and howled at them... calling them weak and
that no girl would ever date them.”
Walking over to the open gate of the fence, the other boys following, Chibi grabbed one of
the wandering Furinkan boys and pulled him over. Without resistance, the young man let
himself be led over to the group.
“How do you think I found out? I saw these guys wandering around and I asked them what
happened!”
Chibi shook the Furinkan boy. “That’s what happened yesterday, right?”
To the Hosts and Delinquents, the Furinkan student nodded. “It’s true… we screwed up… no
girl will ever like us… we’re weak… we’re pathetic… we always were…”
Curly gasped as this sunk in. “Two… two girls took down Furinkan’s best fighter and
chopped the balls off every other guy who could stand against them…?”
He lowered his head and began to shake. “That… that…”
Looking up, there were tears in his eyes, as he broke into hysterical laughter. “THAT IS THE
FUNNIEST SHIT I’VE EVER HEARD!”
Chibi jumped back, as the Butsumetsu students and almost all of the Hosts joined him in
laughing.
“A couple of girls!” One boy yelled, in tears.
A host was covering his eyes with his head tilted back as he guffawed. “The strongest fighter
in Furinkan couldn’t beat a girl in a straight fight. What an idiot!”
“To think we were scared of that guy! Oh no, my sides! They are achieving escape velocity!”
Another Butsumetsu student howled.
Even Sōban was bellowing, his hands resting on his fat stomach as he rocked back and forth
trying not to double over.
Suzuki was the only one not laughing. He had hit upon something. “Wait, wait…”
He took Chibi by the shoulders. “Let me get this straight: Kuno’s in the hospital now.”
Chibi nodded. “Yeah, it could be months before he even gets out.”
“All of the boys are like… this.” Suzuki gestured to the grayscale student.
Chibi nodded again. “Yeah, just about every boy in the school. The girls want nothing to do
with them.”
“And there are how many girls at Furinkan High School…?”
Chibi stopped and thought about it. “I don’t know, two hundred? Two fifty?”
Suzuki looked towards the direction of the river border; his eyes alight as what Chibi said
was cottoned onto by the other Hosts. “Interesting!”
He let Chibi go and looked back to his gang. “Guys! We’re out of here! We’ll call this your
win, Butsumetsu! But the next time you see us! We’ll bury you goons once and for all!”
The delinquents of Butsumetsu barely had an instant to act before the rest of the Hosts
quickly vacated, following Suzuki in a full sprint out of the lot and down the street. Curly,
watching them go, looked over to Chibi.
“Hey… what are they in a hurry for?” He asked.
Chibi shrugged his shoulders. “Heck if I know, man. That PUMA just asked me about the
boys at Furinkan not being around and how many girls there… were… at… the…”
All of the other Butsumetsu students stopped laughing as Chibi trailed off.
Silence filled the air for a few moments, before again Sōban was the first to say something.
“… Wait.”
Moments later, the few listless boys from Furinkan wandering the streets of the Butsumetsu
neighborhood were knocked flying or trampled underfoot by a stampede of their peers from
the rival school. At the front of it, Sōban led the charge, while Curly held onto his back,
pointing ahead.
“WE CAN’T LET THOSE DOUCHEBAGS BEAT US TO THAT TURF!” He yelled over
the roaring youths behind him.
Chapter End Notes
Gangs of Nerima, leave a comment.
Chapter 10: Queens of The New Age
It was lunchtime, and again Katie and Akane were enjoying it out in the schoolyard under the
trees. It was even more peaceful than yesterday, aside from the occasional wandering male
student who quickly changed direction and walked away without a word when it looked like
he was about to see Akane.
It was so wonderfully refreshing. If this wasn’t justice, Akane didn’t want to hear it.
“I don’t feel an ounce of sympathy or guilt. They all made that bed, and they can lie in it until
it becomes their grave!” She said as she dug into her lunch with a vengeance.
“Hon, for serious, I’ll take these idiots being listless zombies over the nonsense of the last
couple days any day,” Katie said in full agreement as she opened her own bento,
compliments of Kasumi.
With an unnoticed wince, she brought a hand to her right ear and rubbed it. “Anyway, you got
any plans for later today?”
“Ah? Well, nothing besides studying and training—if you want to come over for dinner
again, I’m sure Kasumi would be happy to have you,” Akane offered.
Katie blushed, but it cleared up quickly as she averted her eyes. “Ah, nah. I mean… I’d like
that, but I was thinkin’ we could hang out later at this karaoke place I like to hit up.”
Akane was surprised. “There’s still a karaoke bar here?!”
All of the ones she knew of closed up months ago or were in the Taian neighborhood and
absurdly expensive.
Katie nodded, as she rubbed her ear again. “Yeah, it’s kind of a low-key place. Exclusive
clientele, but I’m in good with the owner so we can chill there as long as we want.”
Akane couldn’t possibly say no to that, she missed Karaoke so much! “Sure, when and
where?”
“I don’t know, around 18:30?” Katie asked. “I should be done with homework by then.”
Akane hummed. “It’ll be close to dark then…”
“No worries, south end of Nerima’s actually pretty safe at night,” Katie assured her. “You
could be out at midnight and get no trouble.”
That placated her. “All right, would it be okay if I brought some of my friends?”
“Sure, are they cute?” Katie asked, feigning innocence, and Akane flushed brightly.
“Of course they’re cute!”
Her friends, Sayuri and Yuka, prided themselves on being cute. Sayuri, the slightly taller of
the two, her dark brown hair tied into a ponytail, let out a sneeze as she and Yuka—whose
light brown hair was tied into a set of pigtails—walked towards the school gate. Yuka looked
over at her friend and grinned.
“Someone’s talking about you~” The shorter girl teased.
Sayuri sniffled and shook her head. “Brr! I hope it’s someone nice, and not one of the mobs.”
Yuka laughed. “I don’t know if they’re even capable of thinking, now. They just sit there,
staring off into space.”
It was such a surreal thing, seeing the boys that had been so hot-blooded and excited only the
day before, being reduced to passively going through the motions—avoiding any interaction,
let alone confrontation.
Being Akane’s friends, they shared her strong feelings and lack of sympathy with regards to
their gutted mental state. In some ways, compared to Akane, they were even more extreme
about their feelings.
Sayuri paused, searching for a joke, and found one. “Bold of you to assume that the mobs
could once think.”
Laughing, Yuka led Sayuri out the gate, only for both to stop when they found themselves
face to face with a band of five boys wearing Furinkan uniforms.
Right from the get-go they looked like a bunch of delinquents, the tough leader with spiky
hair bleached blonde, his plain, dark-haired, and bespectacled but dangerous-looking right
hand man, the big wide tough guy who wore a baseball cap to hide his face with an ominous
shadow, a short cute one who was carrying a bat, and a skinny, perverted-looking one with
slick hair who leered at the two girls with a sick grin.
Both Sayuri and Yuka stepped back.
Just down the road from the school’s gate, Suzuki peered around the corner at the
confrontation. He frowned when he saw that the students there were Furinkan guys, and not
like the ones he and the rest of his crew had seen on their way here. Behind him, another of
his friends, a blue-haired boy in a pink suit, tapped on his shoulder.
“Oi, why’d we stop?” The young man asked.
Suzuki looked back. “There’s some Furinkan guys over there, they don’t look like zombies.”
Turning to look back at the group of guys, he frowned. “They look like the sort who’d hang
out with those Butsumetsu idiots.”
“Those guys? No way!”
Suzuki and the other Hosts turned back as one. There was Sōban, Curly, Chibi, and the rest of
the Butsumetsu gang gathering around them. They too were looking over at the gate, Curly
scowling as he scoped them out.
“Those guys, we’ve mixed up with those Furinkan punks before,” Curly growled.
The blonde leader smirked. “Hey girls! Name’s Kodaira, but you can call me Kodaira-senpai!
How’re you doin’?”
Yuka stepped a bit in front of Sayuri, who shrank back from the menacing aura radiating
from the five.
Kodaira mock-pouted. “Hey, no need to be so scared. We’re just as happy to hear that asshole
Kuno is gone as you are. He drove us from the school last year and said if we tried to come
back, he’d beat the crap outta us.”
Kodaira’s bespectacled right hand reached up and adjusted his glasses with his middle finger.
“It’ll be so nice to actually sit down and continue our education.”
Back down the road, Curly introduced the quintet to the Host Club Martial Artists, “They call
themselves the Shining Killers. They used to run this entire end of Nerima. They’d pick
fights with anybody and come back for more, win or lose!”
Suzuki looked at Curly. “We’ve never dealt with them.”
“That’s because when Kuno started high school, he drove ‘em off. It was a pretty brutal fight,
too, but after that they stopped showing up at school… and all the other delinquent crews in
Furinkan followed them out until he was the only one left.”
As the menacing group advanced on Sayuri and Yuka, who walked backwards into the
school’s front yard, Nabiki emerged from the front doors. She’d been on her own way to get
lunch off campus—when she saw and recognized the young men and walked towards them
with an annoyed expression.
In her right hand, she one-hand texted on her phone, sending the message and pocketing the
device as she reached them.
“Hey, Kodaira!” She called out.
Sayuri and Yuka both looked back and quickly retreated behind Nabiki.
Kodaira looked at her and smiled. “Tendo! It’s been a while!”
There was no mistaking the venom behind the smile to the two younger girls, Kodaira didn’t
like Nabiki very much. In fact, going by the smiles that the others didn’t have, none of them
liked her.
“Yeah, you guys were expelled, what are you doing here?” She asked.
Suzuki did a double-take at the sight of Nabiki, walking up to those demons without a care.
“Who is that?”
Curly was also interested. “Never seen her, but she is fine.”
Kodaira laughed at Nabiki’s assertion. “We weren’t expelled. It’s not on our records. We’re
still Furinkan students.”
He gestured to his glasses wearing friend. “Right, Matsunaga?”
“That’s right, the only person who said we couldn’t come here is Kuno,” Matsunaga
confirmed.
Nabiki expected this, but not that it’d start the very next day. Oh well. “So you’re going to
waltz in and go back to all the crap that got Kuno after you? That’s phenomenally dumb.”
Kodaira’s eyebrows rose, before he laughed. “Huh? What’s phenomenally stupid to me is that
you’re talking all that shit without ‘Kuno-baby’ to protect you. Don’t make me slap the taste
out of your mouth, bitch.”
“That’ll only make what’s about to happen to you worse,” Nabiki assured him.
“You’re gonna make it worse if you don’t shut up,” Kodaira threatened as he got up in
Nabiki’s face, fist clenched.
At the corner Suzuki grabbed the wall so hard that the concrete wall cracked under his grip,
as he prepared to fling himself down the street and kick a hole through Kodaira’s head. “That
bastard better not…!”
“Hey!”
Kodaira paused and looked a little to his left. He goggled at the sight of Akane and Katie
walking over. Akane was cracking her knuckles and as she leveled a fearsome glare on the
delinquents. “Back off from my sister and my friends, jerk!”
Akane didn’t register to Kodaira at all, actually. He was stuck trying to comprehend the
biggest schoolgirl he’d ever seen in his life—easily as tall as Kuno, who was tall among
Furinkan students. The rest of his gang turned their attention to the two girls as well, with
Matsunaga recognizing Akane where his leader did not.
When the two girls stepped out past the wall and in view of the spectators down the street,
further shock radiated through the Hosts and through the Butsumetsu gang.
Suzuki was especially stunned. “That… that girl…!”
Curly’s jaw dropped. He’d never seen such a cute girl before. “What the hell? Since when did
this school have such baddies?!”
Sōban shrugged his shoulders. He’d seen better.
Chibi was the only other one not immediately bowled over by Akane. “… That’s… that’s
her! THAT’S HER!”
Curly, Sōban, and Suzuki all looked down at Chibi.
“Who?” Sōban asked.
“That’s the girl that’s been kicking the shit out of the guys here,” Matsunaga warned Kodaira.
Kodaira did a double-take. “Wait, this little firecracker is your sister, Tendo?”
Chibi, trembling, pointed at Katie. “… And her… the huge one…”
“Yeah, and the human skyscraper with her is why your stupid ass is sauntering in here,”
Nabiki said.
Katie snorted. “Skyscraper, really?”
She rolled her shoulders and punched her palm, the crack carrying across the schoolyard.
“Last I checked, I’m a doggone mountain.”
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. “My mistake, forgive me.”
Kodaira forgot all about slapping Nabiki. “Hey girls, the name’s Kodaira. Me and my pals
Matsunaga.”
The glasses boy adjusted his glasses and nodded.
“Fukiage.”
The leering skinny boy licked his lips as he eyed Katie’s long legs.
“Okubo.”
The large young man—even taller than Katie—radiated his menacing aura more powerfully.
“And Nakamura.”
The small cute one waved.
“We’re taking over this school,” Kodaira said with a bright, bloodthirsty grin.
Akane stared at the boys, looked at Katie, and then back at them. “I’m Tendo Akane, I’ve
beaten up every boy in this school.”
Katie scratched the side of her nose. “I’m Katie Izland.”
Hooking her thumb back, she indicated the school behind her. “I’m the one who put Kuno
through the clock. Y’all need to rethink this whole thing.”
Curly followed where Katie was pointing and stared at the top of the school. “Uh… what
happened to the clocktower?”
Chibi gulped as he trembled, as though if he spoke too loud Katie would hear it. “Kuno… the
clocktower got wrecked from his body going through it.”
Suzuki snapped out of his pretty girl-induced haze like ice-water had been poured down his
pants. He did a double-take and looked at Chibi. “Wait… she did that to him?!”
Kodaira laughed. “All right, gimme a second to think it over–”
He attacked, rushing straight for Akane and throwing a punch that she blocked with the back
of her forearm. Undaunted, he unleashed a combination of jabs and hooks that were faster
than the first blow, but Akane was just as quick to defend against with hand-over-hand
motions to deflect or block them before he lashed out with a surprise kick that she hopped
back from.
As Akane opened up space between her and Kodaira, Matsunaga attacked Katie, ducking
over the right-hand swipe she lashed out at him with and spin-kicking her face. Katie weaved
around outside the reach of the kick and traded a quick salvo of blows that left Matsunaga
pulling back from her to avoid her long reach in turn.
“Nice moves, Akane-chan!” Kodaira teased as he advanced upon her, keeping her on the
defensive with one missed punch, and then another.
Akane deflected another blow with the back of her hand, before a punch caught her across
her face. Spinning with the hit, she hopped over him and kicked off his back, sending him
stumbling forward. “Gah!”
“I don’t need praise from a weakling,” Akane snapped back.
When she landed, she heard the sound of a stick rushing through the air and twisted her body
around to avoid a nunchaku wielded by Fukiage. Whirling around the weapon while moving
quickly himself, the slight young man attempted to bury Akane in unpredictable strikes, the
nunchaku swinging towards her from random angles.
With the front and backs of her hands, Akane parried the weapon, loud clacks sounding with
each defeated attack.
“Ohhhh!” Cheers went up among the Butsumetsu gang.
“Look at those moves!” Curly said as Akane evaded Fukiage’s hits with the slimmest
margins and Katie moved and traded blocked blows with Matsunaga in almost movie-esque
choreography.
“They’re martial artists, both of ‘em!” Another boy realized.
“Geez, she fights like Fujinami, but she’s cute like Shin…!” The same boy who nearly
triggered Sōban before was silenced by the other Butsumetsu boys, and the Hosts too.
Fukiage’s all out offensive tactic almost worked, as Akane prioritized blocking and deflecting
the nunchaku. The second he tried to mix it up and catch her knee with a low kick, though,
she stepped inside him and hooked her leg around his. “Huh?!”
With what amounted to a nudge visually to Nabiki, Sayuri, and Yuka, Akane took Fukiage’s
leg from under him and palm thrust him in the chest, sending him tumbling end over end
halfway across the schoolyard.
Akane brought her arm up and back, blocking the kick Kodaira aimed at the side of her head.
Kodaira grinned. “Nice block, babe!”
Turning around, she deflected two more quick jabs from her face before punching him in the
chest. “I said…!”
Palm-striking his chin to lift him off his feet, Akane somersaulted to kick him through the air
in an arc to crash down at the base of a tree.
“I don’t need a weakling’s praise!”
A Butsumetsu delinquent clapped his hands over his cheeks over the amazed cheers of the
other spectators. “DID SHE JUST DO THAT?!”
Katie parried more of Matsunaga’s blows, a pair of punches, before she crossed her arms and
stopped a front kick. Recoiling from the blow, Matsunaga turned in place and lunged in low,
sweeping at Katie’s legs.
She jumped back, then used the back of her hand to knock away a jab. His much faster
uppercut connected with her chin, however, knocking her back further. “Ugh!”
Matsunaga laughed and jumped, unleashing a flying roundhouse that Katie only barely
blocked. She staggered but stayed on her feet to face him as he came down and landed.
“Ha! How’d a chick like you even beat Kuno?” He asked.
“Didn’t take much,” Katie said as Matsunaga suddenly slid to her right again and forced her
to block a punch with her elbow.
There was a method to the young man’s madness, as he hopped back from Katie’s
counterattack, and then swerved in from her left this time. He smirked and noted Nakamura
in the corner of his vision, moving to get into position behind Katie.
As long as he was in front of her, Nakamura could come up on her from behind and put that
bat to good use.
“He was dumb as a buck tryna make love to a grizzly bear done hibernatin’,” Katie said as
she slapped down several more punches and tried to return volley.
The nimble young man was smart enough to stay out of her reach, her punches and kicks just
missing him.
He was one of those keep away types she realized, and that just annoyed her. “Just swing that
stick of his and win, that’s all he knew what to do, and it was good enough for you.”
Matsunaga snorted. “Yeah, that was a year ago for us. We’ve improved since then, got our
game together, trained like animals…”
At that moment, Nakamura struck, leaping to swing his bat into the back of Katie’s head and
put her down for the count. This was where he excelled, diminishing his presence to nothing.
Not even the girls watching the fight, with a complete view of it, had noticed that he was
moving at all.
With zero presence it was no problem for him to swing the bat and miss Katie’s head entirely
when she ducked underneath it.
“… And developed tactics for–”
Matsunaga’s sly one liner for Katie’s imminent doming was cut short by Nakamura
overshooting and driving the baseball bat into his mouth with the same kind of force reserved
for shattering concrete.
Nakamura landed and gaped at Matsunaga, writhing on the ground with his hands over his
mouth, screaming into them. “W-what the…?!”
Suzuki blinked once and realized something had happened. “Wait, where’d that runt with the
bat come from?”
Curly frowned. Even from here, he hadn’t been paying attention to the little guy setting up
the ambush until it failed. “Crap, that’s Nakamura, he’s a sneaky little fuck.”
Playing it back in his head, he realized something was way off about that. “… Jeez… does
she have eyes on the back of her head or something?”
Nakamura, trembling, looked back and up to see Katie towering over him. “You shouldn’t be
able to…!”
Katie kicked the runt square in the crotch, lifting him off his feet a meter off the ground.
“What I’m able to do ain’t none of your beeswax,” Katie replied as she let him drop onto the
ground next to Matsunga, who was now rolling from side to side with his hands over his
mouth, bawling like a toddler.
Nakamura wept much more quietly, but at a higher pitch than his fellow delinquent, as he
curled into a ball and clutched his devastated groin.
Katie sniffed. “Definitely uncool.”
Down the street, the Butsumetsu Gang and their Host Rivals came together as one to mourn
in sympathy the fate of Nakamura.
Fukiage got up, coughing, and recovered his breath. Kodaira was up as well, wiping blood
from the corner of his mouth. Looking at the nunchaku-wielder, then turning towards
Kodaira, Akane sighed in annoyance and assumed the cat stance.
At the very least they weren’t done after one, but she did not feel like giving them the credit.
“You couldn’t stop and ask around? ‘Hey, what happened to Kuno?’ You would’ve learned a
lot about the situation here before you came out here to get your butts kicked,” Nabiki offered
from the sidelines as she filmed the fight with her phone.
Kodaira snorted, and grinned. “The truth is? We heard some girls had beaten Kuno and most
of the boys in the school, and thought he might’ve fallen off. We were going to come in, put
you bitches in your places, and then enjoy a nice hot long summer.”
“Typical,” Katie muttered as she walked over and joined Akane’s side.
“And now that you’re here getting your butts kicked?” Nabiki asked.
“Well, we’re going to fight like men, and pull out a miracle!” Kodaira said as he reached
behind him and discreetly pulled out not a miracle, but a knife. Fukiage, who was whirling
his nunchaku around like the Bruce Lee reject he wished he was, sidestepped to just behind
his leader.
“A knife!” Sōban said in alarm.
Taking the knife in both hands swiftly, Kodaira ran straight for Katie low and fast, with every
intention of plunging it into her gut. Seeing the glint of the blade, Katie realized that this idiot
was actually coming after her with killing intent… and a severe case of tunnel vision.
Just as he reached her, Kodaira thrust the blade forward and narrowly missed as Katie
avoided the attack by stepping to her right. Behind him, as if he were in his boss’s shadow,
Fukiage leaped with the clubs of the nunchaku held in both heads above his head, to swing
them down on Katie’s.
Then all the air vacated Fukiage’s lungs at once as Katie brought up her left arm and lunged
—catching Fukiage across the stomach with a lariat so hard that the back of his uniform
ripped open to expose his back.
Just behind her, at the exact same moment, Akane grabbed Kodaira by his right arm at the
end of his overextended stab, and disarmed him of his knife with a vengeance, breaking
bones in his hand and causing him to yell in pain.
As Katie spun around with Fukiage still folded over her arm, Akane swung Kodaira around
and threw him at Katie. In turn, Katie threw Fukiage—and the two young men collided with
bone-crunching violence and collapsed to the ground in a heap.
Sayuri and Yuka winced.
The spectators outside the gate fell silent.
Nabiki kept filming, as Katie walked over and placed her foot on Kodaira’s back. He let out a
weak, painful moan.
“The only miracle here is that you’ll be able to walk away after that,” Katie said as Akane
joined her side.
Akane looked down her nose at them. “Pathetic.”
The two looked at one another, and promptly kicked Kodaira and Fukiage over the school’s
wall. Walking over to Nakamura and Matsunaga, they punted them as well, kicking them
literally to the curb outside.
Satisfied, both girls—with only a few scuffs and bruises for their trouble—turned and looked
over at the intimidatingly large form of Okubo, who still stood poised to attack.
Okubo continued to radiate menace, face hidden by his hat as he gazed down upon the two as
well as Nabiki, Sayuri, and Yuka.
The second Akane took a step towards him, he raised his head up, revealing a fresh and
youthful face that was sweating profusely as he lifted his hands up in surrender.
“Whoa, wait, I don’t wanna fight. I’m just here to be big and look mean,” he quickly said.
Katie sighed in exasperation and nodded off to the side. “Then you best heat them bricks and
skedaddle.”
Okubo agreed as he turned and fled straight down the empty street.“ Yeah, I’m out! Peace!”
“And don’t let us see you around here ever again!” Akane threatened.
“Lil’ bitch,” Katie muttered of Okubo before she realized that it just meant one less problem
to cut into their lunch time. “Ah well.”
She turned to Akane and nudged her with her elbow. “Dang, girl.”
Akane looked up at Katie and smiled, before Sayuri and Yuka ran up to them. “Akane!
Izurando-san!”
“Hey, are you all okay?” Akane asked them as Nabiki took her time to bring up the rear.
“We’re fine,” Yuka said, “But that was amazing! You walked all over them!”
Akane dismissed her own feat. “They were no worse than the idiot boys I fought before.”
Katie agreed. “Yeah, if the buck could handle them, they weren’t much.”
Nabiki reached them. “You know, Kuno actually had to take a few solid hits before he
managed to bring them down.”
“That’s a Kuno situation, though,” Katie replied, and Akane, Sayuri, and Yuka giggled. “Still
though, are there more of them idiots out there we gotta worry ‘bout?”
Nabiki would know, and she provided the answer. “Yeah, there are. Furinkan was full of
idiots like them when me and Kuno started our first year. He drove them all out one by one,
either by beating them senseless or being crazier than they could stand. Word’s getting ‘round
that you toppled the ace, and if these idiots thought we were an easy mark, imagine who else
is watching the throne.”
“Oh shoot, he was actually good for something?” Katie asked. “As long as they ain’t boring,
they can be as dumb as they want. I’m down for any ol’ rodeo. Soon as any come ‘round
here, we'll give ‘em every reason to take their home-schoolin’ more seriously.”
“Yeah!” Akane agreed before she turned to Sayuri and Yuka—determined and a little excited
about the prospect of keeping them and the rest of the school safe from weirdos. “Don’t
worry about creeps like them.”
“With you protecting us, we don’t have to,” Yuka said.
Sayuri agreed. “We’ll support you and Katie-senpai one billion percent!”
Katie smiled. “How about showing your support by joining Akaneko and I for karaoke
tonight? I happen to know a place that’s still open on this side of town.”
Both girls stopped, before Sayuri gasped. “There’s still a karaoke bar around here?!”
“Yes! Of course we’ll go!” Yuka agreed.
“Hey, I want in on this,” Nabiki said, “All the karaoke spots are supposed to be closed.”
Katie shrugged her shoulders. “The owner doesn’t want everyone hearing about it; she caters
to a very small clientele and would like to keep it that way, so be hush-hush about it.”
She looked at Sayuri and Yuka. “Same goes for you, too. Keep it a secret, okay?”
Both of Akane’s friends nodded. “Of course.”
Nabiki likewise complied. “I’ll sing in a closet to a smartphone if it means I have one less
reason to put up with those condescending jerks in Japan for affordable karaoke.”
“I promise it’ll be a little more tolerable than that,” Katie assured her.
Sayuri looked at her watch. “Oh no! We gotta get our lunch, fast!”
She and Yuka both bolted out of the gates, the latter waving back at them. “We’ll see you
tonight! Text us the details, Akane!”
“Sure thing!” Akane said.
Nabiki left to follow after the girls. “I’ll be there, of course. Thanks for sorting this whole
thing out, by the way.”
“It’s cool,” Katie said.
Akane responded with a little more surprise. “Oh, um… you’re welcome, Nabiki.”
As Nabiki walked away and fell out of earshot, Katie looked over at Akane.
Curious about her reaction, she asked. “What?”
Akane looked back up at Katie, as they turned and went back to the tree they hung out under.
“Nabiki doesn’t normally show her gratitude, it was just a little nice to hear.”
Katie found that interesting, and maybe a useful insight to the character of the middle Tendo.
“Huh… hmm…”
Reaching up again, Katie dug into her ear and grunted in annoyance. “Gh… God damn it…”
“What is it?” Akane asked.
Walking past Nakamura’s discarded baseball bat, Katie kicked it up into the air, caught it, and
whipped it into the sky. Akane followed the bat’s flight to its end—crashing into a quadrotor
drone that exploded with an electrical pop as its batteries detonated.
“That,” she said as they watched the remains of the drone plummet from the sky.
Akane’s hands went to her hips. “Was that called for?”
“Maybe, the damn thing’s been pointing a camera at us this entire time.”
Akane did a double-take towards the drone again. “Wait, really?”
Katie looked back down the empty street, where the Butsumetsu gang and their Host Martial
Artist rivals had been gawking. “They weren’t the only ones peeping us out.”
Down the street, Okubo had made it to the corner when he had been grabbed and dragged
into an alleyway by no less than a dozen young men. Hustled into a corner, he pressed
himself against it in fear as he looked up at Sōban—who was still wider and over a head
taller than his own considerable size. In front of him, Suzuki and Curly stood together, the
former wiping his hands off in preparation for getting them dirty, while the former cleared his
throat.
“All right, Okubo-chan,” Curly chimed, as he and Suzuki stepped closer to him.
“We want… the details.”
Chapter 11: Special Administrative District
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Just about two kilometers away from Furinkan High School later that evening, on a quiet
street corner on the southern edge of Nerima, Nabiki, Akane, and Akane’s friends Sayuri and
Yuka followed the elder Tendo’s phone-provided route guidance to their destination. It was
taking them very close to what was once the Nerima ward’s main rail line.
“This place is all the way out here, huh?” Nabiki asked while she watched the distance to
their destination shrink on her phone. “We’re gonna hit the wall soon.”
Sayuri and Yuka both walked closer to Akane. While it was still daylight, the sun was nearly
set leaving the neighborhood dark in the evening gloam.
Yuka scanned the dark street for any potential danger. “I’ve never actually been out this late
since it got put up,” she admitted.
“Me neither,” Sayuri said.
“That makes three of us,” Akane said, though unlike her friends she was unconcerned by
what could be lurking.
“It’s so quiet,” Yuka murmured.
Nabiki closed her eyes and hummed in appreciation of the ambient peace. “It’s kind of nice,
don’t you think?”
Yuka couldn’t see it that way. “It’s creepy.”
Sayuri agreed. “This town is always so noisy and hectic during the day, there’s always some
kind of chaos or a fight going on. At night though…? You can hear yourself think.”
Nabiki looked back, a smirk on her lips. “It’s quieter at night because even the ugliest,
meanest delinquents know better than to be caught out at night by the Yakuza that are taking
over.”
Yuka and Sayuri both jumped. “Y-Yakuza?!”
Akane scowled at her sister. “Come on, Nabiki, don’t scare them!”
“I’m joking! There are no Yakuza here,” Nabiki fake-reassured them, before she said with a
grin. “There’s so much worse.”
She looked down the street and smirked. “And they locked all of us in with them.”
Akane, Sayuri, and Yuka’s gazes followed—to a huge, dark shape looming in the night. It
was a fence-protected, razor-wire topped wall over five meters high that abruptly ended the
thoroughfare. It was a relatively new feature, barely four months old, but its dramatic impact
was felt by everyone regardless of which side they lived on.
This was the new and permanent border between the city of Tokyo, Japan, and the Special
Administration District Nerima.
“It’s so much worse at night…” Sayuri lamented.
Yuka agreed with a nod, saying nothing.
Akane brushed it off, puffing out her chest to calm her friends down. “I can handle any creep
that comes our way. I’ve proven that much over the last couple of days.”
Without looking up from her phone Nabiki stepped one pace over to her left, and a young
man in a white t-shirt with short red sleeves and blue pants slid inside Akane’s personal space
to rest a hand on her shoulder.
“… Hey–”
Akane drove her palm into his face, sending him flying back the way he came and into a
concrete telephone pole with a thump.
She let out a triumphant snort and turned to Yuka and Sayuri. “See?”
The young man was already on his feet right behind her—chatting up Nabiki. “So, what’s
your name, number, and address?”
Akane performed an about face. “What.”
“I hear there’s a secret karaoke place around here. We can team up to find it together… and
get up to discovering other secrets~?” The young man continued.
Nabiki remained glued to her phone. “Depends—are you buying if there is such a place?”
The young man was affronted by the idea. “Of course! What kind of man would I be if I
didn’t pay?!”
“A common one,” Nabiki replied, before this bold suitor took her hand in his. When she
looked up at his face, his dark brown eyes shimmering with earnest ardor met hers and a
gentle breeze caught his unruly hair and sideburns.
“Believe me,” he said before pulling Nabiki into an even closer embrace, “I am the rarest
man you will ever meet.”
Something collided with the man’s cheek, Nabiki watching—like in slow motion—the man’s
face warp from the force of the blow before his entire body followed the direction of the hit
and he went crashing into the side of the building just beyond the telephone pole he went into
the first time.
“Don’t touch her,” Akane said in a voice stilled by her anger as she lowered her fist.
“Who is that?” Sayuri asked.
Nabiki looked at the pit his body made into the wall. “Wrong tense.”
“He’s still moving…!” Yuka pointed out as she cowered behind Akane.
“He is a rare one,” Nabiki said before the man hauled himself up to his feet again and rubbed
the side of his face.
“Atcha-cha-cha-cha…” He grimaced and shook it off. “Wow… that… that…”
He moved, quick as lightning, right back up to Akane with a big smile on his face. “Holy
heck, baby! You’re the strongest woman I’ve ever seen!”
Akane recoiled. “E-eh? Wha…?!”
He stepped back holding up his hands to frame her face between them. “You’re almost as
strong as you’re pretty!”
Who is this guy? Akane thought.
“And you keep pretty company, too!” He winked towards Sayuri and Yuka.
Is he dead set on flirting with every girl in his line of sight?!
Akane’s thoughts stopped racing. Wait… an aggressive, indestructible flirt?
She pulled back from him, pale with realization. “No way… you’re…!”
Her voice was drowned out by a much louder voice—a high, angry shriek from above.
“DARLING!!!”
The sky lit up, and the young man was struck by lightning like God Himself had one look at
the scene unfolding and decided “Nah.”
Akane, Sayuri, Yuka, and Nabiki looked up to the source of the heavenly smite. Floating
down from the sky was a stunningly pretty, slender but curvaceous girl with long and flowing
iridescent hair and turquoise eyes, wearing only a skimpy, black and yellow-striped bikini
and boots that matched up with the small yellow horns sticking from her head.
“Lum Invader,” Akane said before looking down at the blackened young man with smoke
rising from his body. “Then this must be Moroboshi Ataru.”
“What a time to be starstruck, huh?” Nabiki asked before she looked from her phone and
around.
It looked like they were there, but she didn’t see anything that looked like a Karaoke Bar. Just
a shuttered clothing store on one corner, a boarded-up sake bar on another, an empty lot on a
third, and a low-income apartment on the one directly in front of them.
Lum floated over Ataru’s twitching body, her hands on her hips and a scowl on her face. “Is
that where you’ve been running off to? Sneaking halfway across town to pick up girls?!”
She fired another zap, but Ataru quickly scrambled back. “Hey! Hey! Knock it off!”
Nabiki wasn’t wrong, it was a surprise to see the most notorious couple in Nerima, if not the
entire world, violently bickering in front of Akane. Lum Invader, a beautiful alien whose race
had come to claim Earth for their own; and Moroboshi Ataru, the young man who won
Earth’s survival and Lum as his fiancée.
I just wanted to go sing some karaoke. She thought.
Struck by another bolt of electricity, Ataru fell flat on his backside, smoke rising from his
body. “Gah! Lum! C-Can’t you calm down for just a second?!”
“Calm down?! The moment I take my eyes off you, you’re drooling over some other girl!”
Ataru gestured to Akane and Nabiki. “Can you blame me when they look like that?!”
Nabiki smirked. “Right line, wrong time.”
Indeed, Lum zapped him again.
“Gyah!”
With the cessation of the zap, Ataru got up. “I didn’t just come out here to chase after girls!”
Lum put her hands on her hips. “Oh? And what were you here for-cha?!”
Ataru grimaced and looked away. “I can’t say.”
“You can’t, now?! You’d better tell me, or else!” Lum demanded as she began to crackle with
power.
Ataru threw up his hands. “Or else what, you’ll zap me again?! Oh gee, like I haven’t had
enough of that already!”
To answer his question, Lum zapped him, the crackle from the attack was more like a
thunderous roar. Finishing the zap, Lum huffed as Ataru wobbled where he stood.
“I hope I never get into a relationship like this,” Akane said over the sound of lingering
crackles of voltage.
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders as she began to film it. “I don’t know, he’s got some moves.”
“And some nerve,” Sayuri said.
Yuka was not impressed. “He’s disgusting.”
Ataru buckled to his knees and fell forward on his hands. Satisfied with her work, Lum
turned around to face the Tendo sisters and their entourage. Electricity still crackled across
her body as she stared at Akane.
This girl… she could see why Ataru would go after her, and that made her blood boil more.
“Who are you? What are you to my Darling?!” She demanded.
Akane recoiled a bit. “… Eh?”
Sayuri spoke up for her. “We were just going over to a classmate’s house to study, when this
guy came and started hitting on us.”
Nabiki nodded. “Yes, he said something about looking for a secret karaoke bar.”
Lum whirled upon Ataru. “A karaoke bar?!”
Pushing himself back up onto his knees, Ataru grimaced. Just like that, ratted out. Oh well,
he couldn’t be mad at such well-made cuties.
He looked up at Lum and shouted at her. “Well, the last cheap one in town closed because
you destroyed all its equipment!”
Lum wasn’t having that. “Because you were in it kissing on some girls!”
“No, I was trying to get away from you, you annoying harpy!” Ataru snapped back at her.
“H-Harpy?!” Now thunder rumbled in the air above Lum as she looked down upon her
fiancé.
Before she could call down that thunder on him again, though, Katie’s voice rose above the
din. “Hey, what’s all this ruckus goin’ on?”
The four girls, Lum, and Ataru looked over to see Katie, wearing a green hooded sweatshirt,
and black sweatpants instead of her uniform, standing in front of the doorway to the low-
income apartment. She looked like she had just gotten out of the shower.
Akane brightened and went to her, Sayuri and Yuka following. “Senpai!”
“Howdy, Akaneko,” Katie said before looking at Lum. “Can I help you…?”
Ataru took Katie’s hand and brought it up to his lips, kissing it. “You can help me, gorgeous.
It is not often that a beautiful woman of your stature comes to Tokyo, much less Nerima. Tell
me, are you a model? An actress?”
Katie pulled her hand away from Ataru, slowly. “Don’t touch me.”
As if he was going to agree to that! He lunged and grabbed Katie around the waist with one
arm, while nuzzling her chest. “Baby there’s so much of you to touch, though, I can’t abide
by that!”
Katie looked at Akane, with a cold, stony expression she returned in kind.
Nabiki pulled Sayuri and Yuka both back. “We don’t want to be in the splash zone.”
Lum was confused. “Splash…?”
Neither she nor Sayuri nor Yuka saw what actually happened. It was all a blur—one instant
Ataru was grinding on them like they paid him, and the very next instant his body was a
projectile, hurtling in a high arc towards the nearby Shakuji River. The force of the combined
blows Akane and Katie had driven into him pushed the three other girls and the alien princess
backward.
They all turned and looked in the direction Ataru went and saw a plume of water rise from
the river.
Nabiki was so glad she’d filmed that.
“They’re so strong…” Sayuri whispered.
Yuka gulped, her face bright red. “It’s… it’s kinda scary.”
Lum was also very impressed. “That’s the furthest I’ve seen anyone launch Darling.”
Katie lowered her leg. “Darling? Wait… that was…?”
“Moroboshi Ataru,” Akane confirmed.
Katie looked back towards where they’d fired Ataru. “Shoot, I heard stories about that creep,
but… Jesus.”
“It’s hard to imagine that he’s the one who saved the world, isn’t it?” Nabiki asked.
Katie scoffed. “Honestly? Yeah.”
“You too?” Akane asked.
“Saved the world and made Nerima the way it is today,” a new voice called.
From out of the apartment building emerged a tall, robust, older Eastern European woman.
She looked to be in her late 30s, but her long stark white hair trailing down to her waist and
the long, heavy-looking cane with an ornate, leather-bound handle she leaned on hinted at her
being much older. The woman wore a thick gray wool turtleneck sweater with braided
patterns down its front, back, and sleeves, and a long, flowing black skirt.
Before anyone could ask, the woman introduced herself. “Good evening, I am the landlord of
this apartment, Rozhdestvensky Anya. Could someone tell me why this засранец and his
сука are raising a fuss around here?”
Lum looked over at the woman, curious by the strange words she injected into her speech.
“Excuse me?”
Katie bowed to her. “Sorry Anya, that weirdo was terrorizing my friends.”
Lum frowned. “Darling does that to every girl he meets. He’s an unapologetic flirt!”
“Touching a girl who wants none of that goes well past the line of flirt,” Katie noted.
Sayuri snapped at Lum. “Yeah! Control your man before he actually hurts someone!”
Lum recoiled, offended. “You think I like that he does it?!”
“Well, whatever you’re doing isn’t working,” Akane spat back.
“How can you even like that freak?!” Yuka demanded.
Katie nodded. “Asking the real questions, here.”
Lum began huffing in frustration. “I don’t need to answer why I love him to a bunch of slutty
girls who walk the streets at night!”
Sayuri, Yuka, and Akane recoiled, before Akane’s face became a furious red. “You are the
last bitch on Earth who has the right to call anyone a slut!”
“Bitch?!” Lum shouted as electricity crackled around her.
Nabiki whistled, she expected a lot of things tonight, but this was not one of them. Nor could
she conceive it being this exciting to watch.
“The biggest bitch, if a horny pervert like that would go after any other girl but you!” Akane
railed back.
Lum’s mouth fell agape, and the electricity around her surged.
“ENOUGH!”
The warring girls fell silent, with Anya’s bellow.
The old woman raised her cane and pointed it at Lum’s face. “You. Leave this place and fish
your aberration of a fiancé from the river before he does us all a favor and drowns.”
She pointed the cane at Katie’s face next. “If these friends of yours are going to raise hell like
this, then they can go back to where they came from. I will not have them in my building.”
Akane’s anger retreated, Sayuri and Yuka’s following.
Katie bowed her head far in apology. “I’m sorry; they’re good people, I swear.”
Akane, Sayuri, and Yuka bowed even deeper. “Please forgive us for our improper behavior!”
Anya set down her cane and leaned onto it. “Much better. Nice to know that some sensible
decency still exists in this neighborhood.”
Lum, still smarting from the insults, scowled at Akane and offered no apologies. Instead, she
stuck her tongue out at her and flew off to go recover her betrothed.
Nabiki, who did nothing wrong, stopped filming. “For a second there, I thought you were
actually going to fight.”
“Like there would be one,” Akane snapped back with full confidence.
Nabiki agreed. “Oh yeah, what with her being able to fly and shoot electricity.” Akane
blanched and Nabiki smiled. “It’s a rare thing in this town to realize how badly you almost
played yourself.”
“Ease up on her, now,” Katie advised Nabiki before she nodded to Anya. “Thanks for
intervening, we’re all a bunch of hot-blooded bitches, so…”
Anya laughed. “It was nothing! Relax, I was a hot-blooded bitch too in my day.”
“We only wanted to come out to do some karaoke,” Yuka lamented.
Sayuri shook her head. “Yeah, then that weirdo barged in…”
Katie frowned. “You still want to do karaoke, right?”
“Of course!” Akane, Sayuri, and Yuka said as one.
Katie brightened and looked at Anya. “How about it, can they?”
Anya hummed for dramatic effect, before she gestured for them to follow her back into the
apartment building. “да, come this way.”
“Wait.” Akane realized something. “Senpai, is the secret karaoke bar here where you live?”
Katie looked back and brought a finger to her lips to hush her, Sayuri, and Yuka. Passing
through the security door and into the main lobby of the apartment, a cramped, stale, and bare
floored room with only a stairwell directly ahead and two doors on either wall at the corner.
Going to the room to the left, Anya smiled back at them and opened the door.
What awaited them was an entirely different room and atmosphere.
A large bar lit with green, pink, purple, and blue neon lights greeted them. Across from the
bar directly were arcade cabinets with customers sitting at them playing various games.
Beyond the bar and the arcade were two dozen tables with almost half of them occupied, and
just beyond that was a single stage where a group of middle-aged men were belting out
karaoke for the crowd.
“Welcome to ‘The Secret’,” Anya greeted the girls as they beheld the lively and active
karaoke bar. “A little place that only friends know of.”
Nabiki stepped forward, a smile spreading across her lips. “Wow this is the swankiest
karaoke bar I’ve ever seen.”
“Look, there are private rooms and everything!” Yuka said when she saw a kiosk of room
keys.
“Oh my gosh, it has a café, too!” Sayuri said excitedly.
Most of all, however, it was noisy and alive—everything that it wasn’t from the dirty, dingy
façade outside.
Akane turned to Anya. “Is… is the reason it’s secret really because of the aliens?”
“No, it’s a secret because everyone needs a place where they can be their true selves. What
better place to be free of the expectations and burdens of society, than one that only you
know?” Anya leaned on her cane and gestured to the spread with her free hand. “Even in this
town, where we are free to do as we please.”
Reaching into her pocket, she produced a handful of dull gold tokens, and handed them to
Katie. “You may use any unoccupied private booth to have your fun. Drinks and food are on
me tonight.”
Katie nodded to Anya as she took the tokens.
“Thank you so much!” Akane said as she bowed to Anya. Sayuri and Yuka followed suit,
while Nabiki merely tilted her head in a nod.
Anya noticed this, and smirked in Nabiki’s direction, before patting Katie on the head. “It’s
nothing; I was quite surprised to hear that this black dog had made some friends worth
bringing around here.”
Chuckling, Katie put an arm around Akane’s shoulders and led her to the private booths.
“C’mon, I gotta show you my playlist.”
As Nabiki brought up the rear, though, Anya called after her. “You there, bob-cut.”
Turning around, Nabiki faced her. “Hm?”
“You don’t bend much, do you?” Anya asked.
Nabiki tilted her head to emphasize her smarm. “I’m not the type.”
Amused, Anya nodded. “Forgive my rudeness for the nickname. Tendo, да?”
“Nabiki,” she introduced herself.
“Enjoy all the amenities my establishment can afford you,” Anya said with a more respectful
bow, “And do not hesitate to call if there’s anything you need that it cannot get you.”
Nodding again, Nabiki headed off to catch up with her sister and the others.
As Nabiki left, Anya went to sit at one of the tables and enjoy the drunk karaoke on the main
stage, three middle aged men slurring their way through a song of roaring dreams.
Sitting down, she thought of the girls who had gone off to similarly sing their hearts to the
world behind closed doors. Such interesting girls—with the courage to get in the face of
gods, the strength to send men flying, and the nerve to merely tilt their head to kings.
“Hot-blooded bitches indeed… there may be hope yet for this broken generation.”
|To the Winner…|
This nightmare was never going to end.
The whole reason Ranma even went on this trip was so that he could test his skills honed
through his incredible aptitude for the craft. What better place to go than the ancient and
hallowed home of martial arts as the world popularly knows them? What better time than
when the whole country is a seething powder keg of warlords, monsters, and magic? Up until
the moment he was cursed to become a girl, Ranma was onboard with this trip.
Now he wasn’t going to ask how it could get worse, because he knew that it was just going
to.
Per the Jusenkyo Guide’s advice, they had gone to the village of Nyuchiezu or Joketsuzoku
or whatever to find a cure for their curses. When they got there, however, no one was around,
because the whole town had dropped everything to watch the town’s warriors—almost all of
them women—slug it out for a feast fit for a champion.
A feast that Ranma and Genma both consumed the majority by the time the tournament’s
winner—a violet-haired curvy cutie named Shan Pu—finished mopping the floor with the
entire bracket. She was understandably unhappy with it, but Ranma in all of his young
wisdom had a foolproof plan: he would beat Shan Pu and then the food would be his anyway.
Aside from the protests of the Jusenkyo Guide, it was a perfect plan with no drawbacks.
“Keep in mind that this is still your fault!” Ranma whispered to his father as they hid in the
hold of a boat transporting cargo down a river.
Genma grunted with a smug look on his dumb Panda face. As if one mistake a couple
missteps by Ranma outweighed the utter catastrophe of decision making that was his father.
Ranma would punch him, but not making too much noise was important. “Of course, you
don’t care, I’m the one she wants to kill.”
Like panda father, like daughter son! Ranma’s half-listening to their guide led to his being
marked for death by Shan Pu after beating her—something having to do with village law
regarding female outsiders.
In the days since, the young warrior woman has been relentless, tracking and attacking
Ranma on sight at every turn, leading to their current predicament: They had managed to lose
her and sneak onto a boat heading to Shanghai. Though Ranma was confident that once they
left Qinghai Province even that crazy girl would leave them be.
“Now I can’t get cured until the heat dies down! What am I gonna do until then? I can’t go
out in public if all it takes are a few drops of water to turn me from a dude into a chick.”
Genma shrugged his shoulders and raised a sign up. On it, it read, “I’ve been thinking we
should scrub this training journey altogether and head back.”
Ranma read it, and his eyes flew wide. “We are not leaving here until I’m cured!”
Genma flipped the sign around. “That girl’s dead set on hunting you down, we may as well
cut our losses and go back. We’ll figure out something there.”
“No, we can’t,” Ranma insisted, “The cure is back at Jusenkyo!”
Genma flipped the sign over again. “Oh, and you’re fine with being attacked every step of the
way by that madwoman?”
Ranma stopped and stared at the sign. “Wait, how are you doing that…?” He got in his
father’s face. “Over my dead body are we going back to Japan like this!”
With a quick swipe, Genma slapped his son-with-a-daughter’s-body with the sign, and he
went tumbling across the cargo hold with a bang loud enough to startle the helmsman at the
wheelhouse of the boat.
Rubbing his face, Ranma got up and faced Genma, ready to complete the extinction of the
species he now represented.
“You…!” He snarled.
Genma flipped the sign around. “Oh, and what do you intend to do, fight that girl to the
death?”
Ranma grimaced at the thought. When Shan Pu first came after him, following her vow of
death, Ranma expected to swat her down again and be on his way. Turns out that fighting a
girl after she spent hours fighting different opponents was entirely different from a girl with a
good night’s sleep and killing intent.
“I’ll think of something!” Ranma said.
Again, Genma twirled his sign. “Let’s think of something from the safety of our home. I
happen to know someone whose place we can crash at until we’re sure the girl gives up.”
“You’re not listening!” Ranma shouted. “We might not be able to ever come back here! Then
what? You’re perfectly fine being a panda, but I’m a guy! A freakin’ guy! Do you have any
idea how messed up having a body like this is?!”
The helmsman, now concerned that he had stowaways on his boat, reached for his radio to
contact the Army. He stopped, however, when he saw something strange on the river in front
of the boat.
Genma flipped his sign around. “You think I like being a Panda? All they do is eat, sleep, and
shit.”
“I don’t see how that’s any different from how you live, fatass,” Ranma said, and he ducked
the sign when Genma threw it at him.
Up on his feet, he began hopping from one to the other as Genma rose to his, assuming a
fighting stance. “All right then, let’s settle this right here! If I beat the crap out of you, we’re
finding a way back to Jusenkyo!”
The helmsman stared at the thing approaching his vessel, before he blanched in horror.
It was a violet-haired girl, running across the water, with her arms held out and behind her,
wearing a particular style of clothes.
He screamed, as the warrior from Nyucheizu sprinted across the water towards his boat like a
sea-skimming anti-ship missile.
Genma produced another sign, bewildering Ranma about where he was getting them. On it, it
said: “And when I beat you into the keel of this boat, we’re going back to Japan!”
Incensed, Ranma stopped bouncing and got ready to fight. “Come at me, Po!”
At that precise moment, Shan Pu reached the side of the boat, ran up its hull and sprang
above it.
Hanging in the air, she raised the weapon she carried—a massive hammer—and swung it to
spin down towards the boat. Coming down, she used the spin to slam the hammer down on
the boat square amidships.
Hundreds of meters away, on the shore of the river, a large black wolf raised its head and
looked out towards the boat it had been trailing for some time now—just in time to see it
break in two as a huge geyser rose from its middle.
Chapter End Notes
Um... good luck, Ranma?
Chapter 12: Volume 4 Spring's Snowy Mountain Wind:
Persistence
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Buzzing filled the morning air above the Nerima Special Administration District. High above
it, a large quadrotor drone passed over the clean, trendy-looking streets of cafes and
expensive shops in the Taian Neighborhood and headed north.
It passed over the tops of buildings, several rail lines, and a river, before crossing the broad
front lawn of a lavish, palatial estate.
At the center of its fuselage, the camera focused on a large, tandem rotor helicopter idling on
the lawn, then on a young man, flanked by black-suit and sunglasses wearing bodyguards,
walking towards the rear doors of the helicopter.
The handsome young man, dressed impeccably in an all-white school uniform and holding a
sheathed blade to his shoulder, looked up towards the drone, the camera catching his face
square in its sights to snap a picture.
Turning on its axis, the drone headed west, leaving the massive mansion. Crossing the same
river, and over more well-kept and expensive property, it reached the wall of a clean and
orderly all-girls school that was just opening its doors for class.
The camera zoomed in and focused on one girl in particular—Kuno Kodachi walking to class
flanked by several girls. Unlike her classmates, she carried no bookbag, but held in her hands
a bundled cloth towel. The camera shutter clicked rapidly several times.
The drone continued, leaving the school and flying westward. Only three blocks over and the
condition of the buildings changed. Stylish shops with glass fronts gave way to boarded up
businesses, empty lots, and the occasional abandoned kiosk used by the Tokyo Metropolitan
Police before Nerima was walled off.
Walking down a sidewalk in front of one of the kiosks, flanked by his gang with Curly at his
right, was the hulking Sōban. The drone zoomed in on him, and clicked several more pictures
as it passed, before it changed direction, heading more southwest. As it flew, it gained more
altitude, rising higher and higher, forcing it to zoom in to keep a clear view of the ground.
The terrain below improved as the drone went. Boarded up buildings and abandoned
infrastructure gave way to more orderly suburban streets, and girls in blue and white school
dirndls making their way to school.
Its camera fell upon Nabiki and Akane, walking together towards the school. They were
joined by Kasumi, who was riding a bright red bicycle alongside her sisters and amicably
speaking with them. The camera passed over all three of them but took the majority of its
pictures of Akane—sparing three for Nabiki and one for Kasumi compared to her eight.
The drone turned again, the camera coming around even faster and overshooting Katie, who
was coming from another direction with her eyes aimed ahead of her. When the camera
panned back to her, she was looking directly at the drone.
The drone snapped off one quick picture, changed direction, and fled east as fast as it could.
After a kilometer or so, the drone slowed down, and stopped as it captured Ataru in its lens.
He was walking down a street, his head tilted up with a relaxed look on his face like he was
lost in a daydream.
The camera held onto him for a moment as he walked, before it turned without snapping a
picture.
A flash of blue-green iridescence passed in front of the lens, and the camera swiftly panned to
catch Lum—wearing Tomobiki’s dark blue school uniform—floating from some nearby
clouds, following Ataru’s general direction.
First the camera, then the drone itself followed Lum, capturing picture after picture of her
before another object passed in front of the drone—forcing it to stop.
It was an infant Oni boy with short hair the same color as Lum’s, wearing a yellow with
black striped diaper. Staring at the drone’s camera, he looked back at Lum, then at the
camera. Scowling, the infant took a deep breath and incinerated the drone with a blast of
flame from his mouth.
The remains of the drone plummeted from the sky, its pops and snaps not unnoticed by Katie.
She glanced back in time to see the plume of fading smoke in the sky and nodded in approval
of the pesky machine’s destruction.
“Cool.”
Things had calmed down a bunch in the days after Katie and Akane did away with the
Shining Killers. The only boys who’d been showing up to class were the few who didn’t take
part in the carnage Akane inflicted on them, and the occasional listless mob too broken to
care where they went. The pleasant peace and quiet Katie had been bored stupid with since
she first came to Japan had returned, but now she had a friend in Akane to alleviate that.
On that note…
“I’ve only hung out with Akaneko at the start of school these past few days. I really ought to
change that up,” Katie realized.
“Yoohoo~!” Daikoku Kaori called out, and the delivery girl hopped down from a nearby roof
to land beside Katie. “Good morning, preferred customer.”
Katie waved back, and noticed Kaori was wearing, in addition to her blue and red work attire,
a considerable travel pack. “Howdy! Haven’t seen you around for a few days, where ya
been?”
“Not where I’ve been, where I’m going! I haven’t been making deliveries for a bit because
I’ve been wrestling with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs about getting a Work Visa! I finally
got my passport updated and starting today I can do delivery work in Japan, now.” Kaori
revealed.
Katie’s eyebrows rose. “Whoa, congrats on getting your papers and good luck over there.”
“Thanks. But it also means I won’t be around to get stuff to you, so you’re gonna have to do
without me for one more day until four-twenty.”
Katie frowned. “Crap, and I didn’t bother with lunch today. Me and the bae have been doing
raids for days since things have quieted down around here.”
She looked genuinely embarrassed. “Leftovers and pick up from The Secret have been the
only things feeding us…”
Kaori clapped her hands together. “Well, you’re in luck! A new place opened near Tomobiki
and they’ve got a special for folks who use my delivery services.”
Of course, she’d use the opportunity to sell her something. “I’m listening…”
“It’s an okonomiyaki stand called Ucchan’s, run by a friend of mine from Kansai. He just
moved here to set up his own business and I’m helping him get his name out on the street.”
Katie pondered the offer. Never had okonomiyaki before… but going near Tomobiki sounds
like a recipe for a fucked-up day.
Kaori all but read her mind. “Now I know what you’re thinking—’why the heck would I go
to Tomobiki for lunch?’ Come on girl, I wouldn’t recommend walking into the wolf’s den if
the food wasn’t worth it. Ucchan makes the best okonomiyaki you’ll ever try, and if you
show him this?”
Kaori put her arm around Katie’s shoulder and held up her phone to take a selfie with her.
Pulling back, she sent the photo to Katie’s phone. “You will get two regular okonomiyaki for
the price of one. So, c’mon~! Take a chance and pay my boy Ucchan a visit. You’ll be treated
to a most unforgettable luncheon.”
Katie checked her phone to look at the selfie. "Well, I can't really say no to a deal like that.
All right, I'll give it a try. It's this or mooch."
The delivery girl tilted her head to one side. “Doesn’t Furinkan have a commissary?”
“I haven’t seen it, and everyone brings their own lunch or eats off campus anyway.” She
folded her arms behind her head. “Like, people still go even after the Vice Principal said that
we can’t the other day.”
Kaori grinned. “Well, what are they gonna do, send the cops after kids who skip out?”
She and Katie both had a laugh at the absurdity of that idea, before her phone beeped.
Checking it, she turned back to Katie. “Welp, I have a delivery. Thanks for checking out
Ucchan’s and I’ll be back around the usual time. Text me if you want anything brought in
from Japan and I’ll get it over the border to you, ‘kay? Bye-bye!”
“Yeah, that’s cool,” Katie replied, and Kaori was gone like a delivery Supergirl, leaping onto
a telephone pole and climbing up it to jump off to a nearby roof.
She looked at her phone and at the selfie and let out a small laugh. “Girl knows how to make
money; I’ll give her that.”
Katie looked at her phone, another message came from Kaori, giving the actual address of
Ucchan’s stand.
Oh, it’s not that close to Tomobiki High School. If I leave straight from the lunch bell and take
the rooftops, I’ll get there and back in under a half-hour. That should be quick enough to…
Her expression shifted to a low glower, as she tilted her phone just enough to see Ataru in the
screen’s reflection. He was standing right next to her, a big grin on his face.
“I hoped I’d see you again!”
Katie turned her head and scowled down at Ataru. “You know, punting you into the river
wasn’t us bein’ subtle.”
“I’m as persistent as I am an excellent swimmer,” Ataru assured her. “I have many other great
qualities and talents, if you’d like to find out more–”
Katie turned away from him to start walking. “Not interested, get on outta here.”
Ataru’s expression grew strong, as he rounded her and met Katie’s gaze. “I can’t just let you
go!”
Katie’s nose wrinkled, and her upper lip curled with the wave of revulsion rolling over her,
before she walked around him and stormed off. Knowing he was following right behind her,
she spoke. “Best listen carefully, y’hear? I got no patience fer ‘men’ like you. Iffin’ you insist
on keepin’ this up? I will break you in half.”
“Your accent is so pretty, are you from Texas?” Ataru asked.
“Leave me alone,” Katie repeated as she kept walking.
Ataru held his arms out towards her as he trailed behind. “But I’m in love with you!”
“Nah, you just wanna get your dick wet,” Katie replied. “Go ‘way.”
Zipping in front of her, Ataru held out his arms and looked up at her, his eyes shining with
unshed tears. “I am not after such base desires! These are genuine feelings! Are you just
going to run away from a chance at…?”
He trailed off and followed Katie as she effortlessly sprang and somersaulted over him—her
shiny black hair waving back and forth behind her as she landed and opened the distance.
“Wow…” He said in awe as the air sparkled in her wake to his eyes. Breaking into a jog, he
came up alongside her. “Tall and graceful! You’re not a model, you’re a gymnast!”
“I’m all that and out of your league.” She stopped and turned to face him. “Final warning,
turn around and walk away or you will fly away.”
Taking her free hand in both of his like he had the other night, Ataru knelt in front of her.
“The only way I’m going is your way, at your side.”
She tightened her grip on his hand, not painfully, but firmly to beckon him to his feet. Rising,
he looked up into Katie’s eyes with a hopeful expression.
Meeting his optimistic excitement with cold-hearted contempt, Katie then drew her hand
from his, drawing his gaze down to his now empty hands. Before he could look back up,
Katie turned in place to build up momentum for the knee she drove into Ataru’s gut—the
force of the blow folding him over and lifting him off his feet.
“You were…” She turned and side-kicked him in the same spot she kneed him, shooting him
off the sidewalk and into the street. “… Warned!”
Ataru tumbled like a ragdoll and struck several garbage cans and recycling bins stacked up in
front of the row of houses on the opposite side of the street. Lowering her leg with a snort,
Katie turned and kept going towards the school, now well within sight.
Ugh… are the only guys in this town desperate, gross, and don’t know the first thing about
interacting with a girl? She thought with a darkening brow.
Looking back again at Ataru to make sure he wasn’t getting up to reengage; Katie took off in
a sprint towards the front gate of Furinkan High School.
Hauling himself out of the toppled garbage cans, Ataru coughed and stood up. “Wow, she
might even be as strong as Sakura-chan…” He looked in the direction she went. “I want to
learn more about her.”
Suddenly he felt his hairs rise on end, and his smile turned into a grimace. “Ugh… of
course.”
The sound of a tesla coil with a grudge going off behind her filled her with relief, along with
her catching sight of both Akane and Nabiki crossing the street. And just like that, I’m back
to having a good morning.
Then she saw Kasumi was with them. And then it was a great morning.
Seeing Katie approach, Akane raised her hand in greeting. “Good morning, senpai!”
“Yo.” Nabiki greeted.
“Good morning, Katie-chan,” Kasumi chimed last.
“Howdy girls~” Katie greeted in a singsong voice to the Tendo sisters before turning to
Kasumi with rosying cheeks. “So… what brings you out here?”
Akane was happy to explain. “She’s got errands to run today, so she walked with us to
school.”
“And to say hello,” Kasumi added. “How have you been? It’s been quite a few days since
anyone had heard from you.”
Katie flushed as she looked aside, almost embarrassed. “Er… um… I’ve been kinda…
behind on my studies, is all.”
Nabiki quirked an eyebrow, before her lips pulled into a small, knowing smile.
“Well, as nice as it’d be to have you around,” Kasumi allowed, “It’s no good to be a senpai
that’s failing your courses.”
“You have responsibilities now.” Akane teased, looking smug.
Katie fidgeted where she stood, swaying back and forth as she rocked from one foot to the
other. “Yeah, I know, it’s just a bad habit from spending summer on the road.”
“Well, be careful, the teachers might not do anything about violent lynchings, but they love to
run their mouths about grades,” Nabiki warned in a light tone.
Katie caught Nabiki’s smirk and raced to avoid eye contact. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“It’ll be fine,” Akane said, “Just do your work and they’ll have no choice but to keep those
mouths shut.”
Kasumi decided there was enough talk about schoolwork. “Still, if you have the chance to
come by it would be really nice.”
Since Nabiki’s smarm was rated E for Everyone, she poked at her little sister, too. “Akane
might actually practice for real again.”
“Hey!” Akane yelped.
“You literally skipped practicing yesterday because ‘it wasn’t as fun without her around,’”
Nabiki pointed out.
Katie took Nabiki’s reprieve as an opportunity to live up to her status as senpai. “Hey, just
like I can’t slack off with school, you can’t slack off with your training. The boring, unfun
days are the best to train on because you have to work that much harder to make it not suck.”
“I know,” Akane demurred, toeing the ground with uncertainty in that way that made her
appear obnoxiously cute—enough to make people forget she could beat up dozens at once if
the mood struck her. “So, I’ll see you at the usual spot for lunch, today?”
Katie flinched, feeling like getting gut punched would feel better than having to let Akane
down. “Yeah, sorry. I didn’t pack lunch because I didn’t know Kaori was going to be heading
back to Japan proper today.”
“Oh dear,” Kasumi said.
“But it’s fine, she did me a solid, so I have something lined up to take care of it.” Katie
explained, nice and easy. “I’ll be headed off campus for lunch today.”
Akane brightened at the prospect. “Well, I’ll join you, then.”
“I’m none too sure about that. I’ll be going into Tomobiki for it,” she warned.
It didn’t deter her kouhai. “Well it’s not like it’ll be going to the school, right? I’ll go along
too, I’ve never eaten lunch off campus before, so… maybe it’ll be fun.”
This was the kind of insistence Katie liked. “Fine… you can come along.”
Akane beamed and pumped her fist in victory. “Yes!”
Kasumi chimed in. “It’s too bad you didn’t know sooner; I could have made you a bento.”
“Hey now, don’t feel none bad about it,” Katie said gently. “I should have done meal prep,
but you know…”
Nabiki leaned in a bit to help her remind everyone. “‘Studying.’”
“Yes, studyin’,” Katie repeated firmly for emphasis.
“Still.” Kasumi wasn’t to be deterred. “If you find yourself in such a predicament in the
future, let me know.”
“All right,” Katie said, trying not to sigh and melt into a puddle. It was pretty hard
considering…
“Well, we’ll have to get to class before one of the valiant faculty come and annoy us.” Nabiki
chimed to Katie and Akane before turning to Kasumi, “And you have errands to run.”
Kasumi playfully sighed. “Fine, fine, you all have a nice day at school.”
Akane nodded. “I have to go all the way up to the third floor, so I’m going on ahead. Bye,
Kasumi!”
She stepped away from her sisters and Katie, then hurried towards the school, carelessly
shoving one of the meandering zombie boys over and receiving only an empty “Sorry” from
the husk for the trouble.
“I’ll be on my way now,” Kasumi said as she got on her bike. As she put her foot on a pedal,
she gave Katie a parting look. “Come visit soon, please?”
Katie’s face bloomed red. “Y-yeah, of course.”
With that she rode off, performing her own quick little fist pump and whispering a “Yes!”,
leaving a red-faced Katie in her wake.
Nabiki watched her leave, gave one look to Katie, and let out a mirthful sound. “So…
studying, huh? Must be burning the candle from both ends since you’re napping in class.”
Katie shot a look at Nabiki as the two began walking. “Hush, you.”
“I’m just saying,” the middle Tendo said, “It’s okay if you’re staying up all night getting
wiped on Alexander.”
The tall girl’s green eyes widened. “… What makes you think I’m doin’ anythin’ like that?”
Nabiki kept smirking at her.
Katie blanched. She knew. “Please don’t tell Kasumi–”
“Or Akaneko?” Nabiki asked.
“Please?” Katie asked with a hopeful smile.
“Tokens at our little Secret and this one will be another between you and me,” Nabiki purred.
“Deal, I’ll buy next time you come in,” Katie said quickly.
Nabiki pumped her fist in victory with a quiet little “Yes!” of her own, and another peaceful
day of classes at Furinkan High School began.
Chapter End Notes
We're back.
Chapter 13: The Fenced-In School of Beasts
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Tomobiki High School was a place that always had a little infamy.
Long before Moroboshi Ataru walked these halls, before he and all his friends were even
born, it was already a place that struggled to maintain order. Its students weren’t just known
for being unruly and defiant, they were outright rebellious, little more than beasts shaved of
their fur and stuffed into clothes, waging a conflict with beleaguered faculty and staff—a
struggle passed on from one generation of students to the next without fail.
The Oni invasion, Ataru’s victory over it, and walling off the Nerima Ward as part of the
wheeling and dealing that followed didn’t change things much.
Though separated from the country, the schools within the Special Administration District
and the students attending them were still under the care of Japan’s Ministry of Education,
Culture, Sports, Science and Technology until their graduation or dismissal—whichever
came first.
No teacher employed at Tomobiki High School was happy about that, and the students even
less. So, they took it out on each other as another drumbeat to the school’s endless waltz—
exacerbated by the machinations of idiot students with the wealth and now the freedom to
make their delusions seem real as possible.
Enter from stage right Mendō Shūtaro; the heir of the Mendō Zaibatsu which owned a simple
majority of land in Japan.
While he was a student of Tomobiki like the rest of them—he fashioned himself a wealthy,
cultured, and sophisticated young man of high breeding who lavished young women with his
fortune while disparaging his male peers. He also made himself readily available to the
faculty as a collaborator in their conflict with the students, earning their approval to exert
authority on his classmates.
As such, he was unpopular with just over half the school and shamelessly proud of it.
This fine morning, with a sky clear except for the occasional alien and drone, Mendō was
hard at work, plotting with the faculty over a burgeoning problem at their school.
He stood before the assembled teachers and staff in a darkened meeting room, beside a
whiteboard. Shone onto the whiteboard by an expensive film projector were images taken by
drone or the odd peon, depicting the students of Tomobiki happily mingling outside of the
school.
“Yes, you have seen it before.” The handsome and debonair young man, dressed in his crisp
white uniform and his jet-black hair slicked back for the occasion to give him a more
authoritative look, spoke with a confident eloquence years ahead of him. “Every day for since
the beginning of the term as they have the term before, the students have been engaging in a
particular egregious delinquent behavior.”
The picture displayed the image of Ataru flirting with girls from St. Hebereke as they all sat
on the stools of a traditional Ramen shop.
“Ramen from the Neko Noodle Shop.”
The projector switched to a picture of Butsumetsu’s delinquent gang stuffing their faces at a
convenience store alongside Tomobiki students. Also in it, an excited Sōban is captured
lunging towards a clearly disgusted brown-haired girl winding up to punch him. Ataru is
there as well, flirting with an equally distressed cashier.
“Junk food and soft drinks from 7-Eleven.”
Finally, the projector switched to several Tomobiki and Furinkan girls, one of them Nabiki,
eating at an Okonomiyaki cart run by a handsome ponytailed young man about their age.
Ataru is just on the edge of the shot, waving towards the girls, as the first arcs of electricity
from an enraged Lum are less than a meter away from him.
“Okonomiyaki from Ucchan’s.” The projector shut off and the lights came on, and Mendō
gestured to the assembly of faculty and staff that ran the school. “Every day, Tomobiki’s
students continue to walk off school property during lunch hours in defiance to school and
educational policy.”
This was met with grim glowers and seething from his audience. “It is not a phenomenon
restricted to this school. As seen here, students from multiple schools are partaking in this
illicit activity, and it is causing numerous public nuisances from disturbing the peace
complaints to violent confrontations between rival school gangs.”
“Che, it’s starting to get out of control.” Onsen Mark, the English teacher and spokesman for
the concerned staff, said with a grimace as he glared at the image of Ataru meddling with
students from other schools. “It’d be fine if it was a few but this looks like at least what?
Half?”
“Conservative estimates place the minimum number at around 75% of the student body
leaving for lunch,” Mendō reported, ever studious and charming. The reaction was swift,
alarmed murmurs rising among the teachers.
At the far end of the table the school’s principal, a thin, bespectacled bald man, regarded the
information with a grim silence.
“S-seventy-five?!” The heavy-set, broad-shouldered Onsen Mark shouted as he shot from his
chair.
Amidst the yammering “So many!” “How is this possible?” and “Of course that criminal
Moroboshi would be involved.” one of the staff—a messy-haired man with dramatic
sideburns wearing a white shirt and pants and a yellow-brown haramaki around his waist,
hiked his shoulders and seethed.
“There’s no shortage of reasons why this is happening with such frequency. The disregard for
authority this school enshrines as tradition, peer pressure from outside of the school, the fact
that the school’s store has some of the worst food ever cooked.” Mendō declared with all the
self-righteous indignation he could.
The man in white with the yellow brown haramaki shot up from his chair. “WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY, YOU LITTLE SHIT?!”
“Whatever the cause!” Mendō spoke over him with no small satisfaction, and the irate staff
member was hauled down by several other teachers. “It’s clear that this cannot continue. The
school’s reputation… no… the very future of its students is at stake!”
“Something must be done,” Onsen Mark said, every adult in the room nodding and
murmuring in agreement.
“Over the course of my investigation, the brightest and most respectful students in my
counsel have been working on a plan.” Mendō assured his teachers, as he turned the projector
back on and brought up an image of Lum in her tiger print bikini relaxing on the floor of her
room in the Moroboshi residence. It was shot with her back to the camera, and it was clear
that the focus was on her lower half.
“Oops!” Mendō hurriedly clicked away to a slide with text that read “Student Delinquent
Suppression Operation: Snowy Mountain Wind.”
More talking among the teachers began with such items as “That looks like the name of a
military operation, are we getting serious now?” “What have Mendō and those kiss-ups been
up to now?” and “Hopefully this will give me an excuse to turn Ataru’s face into hamburger.”
Kiss-up comment aside, Mendō was pleased with the warm reception.
The school’s nurse raised her hand, a tall and beautiful young woman with long dark hair.
When the other teachers and Mendō turned to her, she spoke with a cool, deep voice that set
the hairs on the back of the necks of her male peers and Mendō prickling.
“I don’t particularly care for what this sounds like,” she said as she lowered her hand. “Are
you planning on cracking down on all the students with force?”
Mendō’s instinct to bend over backwards to please any woman would’ve tanked his plot on
the spot, if he hadn’t forcibly restrained himself. He was a young man with eyes on a prize,
after all.
“It is not an operation to use force, rest assured, Sakura-san. This operation is designed to
peacefully round up students who leave the school without incident, by having teachers
confront them at the places they’ve been reported regularly visiting for lunch.”
Sakura was unconvinced. “Asking any of our students to come peacefully is like sticking
your hand blindly into a box of candy with three chocolates and nine scorpions.”
Mendō nodded. “That is readily apparent.”
He turned to the projector and brought up an image of a map. It was of the Tomobiki
Neighborhood but zoomed out just enough to include the neighboring Furinkan and
Butsumetsu. With another click of the projector’s remote, he brought up markers over every
restaurant, convenience store, and food stand in the area.
With one more click, he brought up arrows representing students leaving the school. “At
lunch, the students will be leaving the school to eat out. Before this happens, teachers will set
out to these restaurants and lie in wait.”
He clicked again, showing green arrows spreading from the locations and intercepting the red
lines. “When the students arrive, the teachers will confront them and escort them back to
school and have their names taken, and their parents informed.”
Onsen Mark then spoke up. “It cannot be emphasized enough that this cannot stand further,
we must show that we will not be intimidated or allow our students to run free like other
schools!”
"While I don't disagree, surely that is a rather radical course of action, Onsen Mark-san,
Mendō-kun?" The Home Economics teacher, a brown-haired, gentle-natured man named
Hanawa, asked as he adjusted his glasses nervously. "These are young men and women, not
Butsumetsu miscreants."
"You are right, they are not Butsumetsu thugs. We hold them to a higher standard of behavior.
We grapple with their growing delinquency every day, but the message is not sinking in that
they are well on their way towards becoming exactly that out of control."
There were nods all around in agreement with Onsen Mark, as many could think of one class
in particular noted for leading the chaos.
"Surely we can call upon the other schools and the owners of the stores and restaurants to
help us in this case?" Hanawa insisted.
“You’re not wrong. But the local businesses weren’t receptive to cooperation. After all, they
enable the delinquents to further their own profits,” Mendō countered.
Hanawa again protested. "We cannot simply go out and manhandle students; there aren't even
enough of us to cover the entire district. If we act like thugs ourselves, they will respond
violently."
Sakura spoke up again. “Once again, three chocolates and nine scorpions.”
Mendō clicked again, and it showed the red arrows leaving the school shrinking to half their
size. “Students resisting and even fighting back is anticipated. So, a series of containment
measures have been arranged to ensure that the minimum number of students attempt to leave
as well as plenty of reinforcements to make up for numbers.”
“What sort?” Sakura asked.
Mendō chuckled. “A lunch will be prepared for select students, to dissuade them from
leaving the school.”
“So, a lunch for the girls,” Sakura corrected.
“So those students who do go out to lunch will lack the numbers to mount a defense!” Mendō
continued a little louder, before returning to his lecturing tone. “And be rounded up without a
fight.”
Sakura was not particularly encouraged. “And if they fight anyway because they’re stupid
enough to do it?”
Mendō looked off to the side. He brought a clenched hand to his chest and shook his head. “It
is my sincerest hope that such an outcome does not come to pass. But for the safety of our
students, and the prevention of delinquent behavior, we must act decisively, and I have
provided additional contingencies for that worst case scenario.”
Now Sakura turned to Onsen Mark, who flushed under her hard gaze. “You know as well as I
do, that they’re gonna fight. Especially if Moroboshi and the idiots that orbit around him get
involved. Tell Mendō this is a stupid plan.”
A few teachers began whispering among one another, portents of woe regarding the plan
fueled by knowledge of the school they ran and a desire to be seen agreeing with the lovely
school nurse. Onsen Mark himself wanted to buckle just as Mendō had moments ago, but
looking at the map again, and seeing the border of Furinkan and Tomobiki, he took a deep
breath.
“It’s reckless, and there’s a strong chance it will fail. But we need to make a statement that
this behavior is not acceptable, Sakura-san. If for no reason other than to prevent Moroboshi
from finding his way to Furinkan High School.”
Sakura tilted her head ever slightly. “What does Furinkan High School have to do with all of
this?”
Onsen Mark closed his eyes, folded his arms, and sighed. “The details are sketchy, but the
school’s male students have either dropped out or refused to even attend. It’s now just a
school full of young women.”
And so it was, as the teacher told his tale, that her face at first just ghostly, turned a whiter
shade of pale.
Shaking her head, Sakura stood up and faced Onsen Mark. “I respectfully withdraw my
concerns. Moroboshi must be contained at all costs.”
The specter of dissent faded away with that, mainly out of the hope that the operation could
be redrawn to contain just Ataru—besides wanting to be seen agreeing with Sakura. The rest
of the teachers began speaking among one another again with such insights as “Does this
mean we can kick the crap out of Moroboshi?” “I hope we can clobber those Stormtroopers
of Lum’s too, they’re annoying.” and “I personally just want a chance to go eat out for lunch,
myself.”
Onsen Mark breathed a sigh of relief, before turning to the principal. “Principal. This is the
plan we have come to an agreement on. All we need now is your approval to execute the
operation, and we shall do so with haste.”
The principal mulled over what was to come and nodded. “I wish you the best of luck.”
As the teachers and faculty broke into cheers and got fired up, Onsen Mark breathed another
sigh of relief and cast a sidelong glance at Mendō. The little bastard was practically glowing
as his plot was met with the approval of the authority figures he sucked up to. Rolling his
eyes, he turned his head to gaze back at the projected map and all that it displayed.
He pulled a grimace, barely holding it back, before he tightened up and numbed his senses.
This was something that needed to happen.
For as much as things stayed the same in these crazy times, things just weren’t how they used
to be.
Chapter End Notes
And we're back to it in the Senpaiverse.
Chapter 14: Crackdown
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Flying high enough that its engine could not be heard on the ground, a broad-winged, pusher-
propeller driven drone entered the narrow airspace over the Nerima Special Administration
District and began to orbit within the confines of the territory. High-definition cameras
quickly pointed to the streets below, as students from almost every school save those within
Taian began to venture off the grounds for lunch.
Unlike its predecessor, this drone's mechanical eyes did not waste time panning the area.
It was looking for someone specific.
"You know, I much appreciate you comin' all this way to have lunch with me," Katie said to
Akane as they headed towards the okonomiyaki stand Kaori mentioned. "Though we'll be
doin' more walkin' around than eatin', I reckon."
"Kasumi's food is too good for it to last long anyway, so it's fine," Akane said, having picked
up that Katie didn't really like people putting themselves too far out on her behalf.
It was an endearing quirk of her senpai, and she wasn't going to fault her for it. "Besides, I
wanted to ask for some advice for my training routine."
"All right, I s'pose." Katie had to accept it, pushing down her worries over inconveniencing
the girl and other such annoying feelings. "Let's make tracks then. We don't want to linger
'round here, it's still at least a hoot and a holler away from Tomobiki High."
Akane shuddered at the thought of dealing with his mess again. "Let's go."
Not far from their destination, in classroom 3-4 of Tomobiki High School, trouble was afoot
and for once, it didn't seem like Moroboshi Ataru was the cause.
Their teacher, Onsen Mark, was missing, and in his place an "All Day Free Study" notice was
written on the chalkboard. Quite a few teachers and staff were absent from their classrooms
and other posts as well.
Under most circumstances, a teacher being MIA was cause for celebration and relaxation, but
multiple teachers?
"Something strange is going on, and it's bothering me." A girl with well-kept, brown hair in a
long bob not unlike Nabiki's said as she watched other students take advantage of the missing
teachers to wander off campus for lunch early.
She was speaking to another girl with large pretty, black-colored eyes and matching hair that
was cut short enough to resemble a boy. She also wore a boy's uniform and sat in her chair
slouched back with her feet on the desk like a young man would.
"Something besides Ataru?" The tomboy asked.
"Ataru's always strange," the more feminine of the two said.
"Yeah, but today's weirder than usual." The tomboy looked at the man himself as she spoke.
He was lounging back in his seat, half-cloud gazing, half lost in daydreams of tall, leggy
foreign girls stepping on him.
"Ryūnosuke-san," the first girl, Miyake Shinobu, said. "Doesn't it bother you that the
teacher's been gone all day today?"
Fujinami Ryūnosuke, the second girl, looked at Shinobu like the answer was obvious. "No?"
Shinobu sighed. "I'll admit that was a dumb question. I asked around the other classrooms
while I was on my way to the bathroom. All the other teachers on the first floor are missing,
too."
That caught Ryūnosuke's attention, and she took her feet off her desk to sit up. "Okay, that is
weird, what's going on?"
"Knowing this school's track record?" Shinobu shook her head. "Nothing good."
They both looked over at Ataru, who let out a longing sigh. They turned to one another with a
shared uncertainty, before Ryūnosuke held up a fist. Looking at it, Shinobu held her own, and
they played a quick best of three of Janken.
Ryūnosuke won both times, and Shinobu cursed under her breath before heading over to the
lecherous young man. "Hey, Ataru?"
Ataru bolted upright, beaming. "Shinobu-chan…!"
"Nope, none of that," Shinobu said, with her arms folded and a hard look. "Do you have any
idea what's going on with the teachers?"
Ataru looked aside and his eyes narrowed as an air of mystery was raised around him. "I'm
not sure I can tell you here…"
And just like that it was gone as he flashed her his big, optimistic smile. "Come out for lunch
with me, and I'll tell you everything I know!"
Shinobu rolled her eyes. "Pass."
Ryūnosuke stepped up. "But you do know something's going on, right?"
Ataru held up his hand, stopping her. "Ah! If you want my valuable information, it won't be
cheap. One lunch date, from either of you—or both of you. I'll pay."
"I've got my own damn lunch," Ryūnosuke shot back.
"And I'm not going on a lunch date with you," Shinobu added before she leaned down to
glare at Ataru. "You definitely know something's going on. What is it?"
Ataru stared back at Shinobu. "Shinobu-chan, I…"
Shinobu's expression softened. "What is it?"
He brought his hand to the back of his head and let out a small, nervous laugh. "I actually
don't know what you're talking about."
Shinobu let out an almighty "UGH!" and turned away from Ataru. "Useless no-good…!"
Taking her rejection in stride, Ataru shrugged his shoulders. "Look on the bright side. We've
had all day to goof off, daydream, and have fun. Who cares what the teachers are doing? If
they're not bothering us, then it's great for everybody!"
As much as she didn't want to, Ryūnosuke agreed. "Yeah, he's a horrible excuse for an insult
to real men, but he's right."
Ataru dramatically gripped his chest over his heart. "Ryū-chan, you wound me!"
"I could do so much more than wound you," she muttered.
Ataru looked left and right, then leaned closer. "So, uh… like what?"
As Ryūnosuke grunted in disgust, the door opened, and another person conspicuously absent
for the day entered. Mendō 's smooth entrance as usual divided the class—most of the girls
greeted him with great cheer, while every male student sneered and avoided looking directly
at him. He smirked at the reactions.
This was how one should always make an entrance, with women wanting you, and men
envying your radiance—or so he thought.
"Where have you been, Mendō?" Ataru asked.
Shinobu turned to him. "Mendō, do you know what's going on?"
Ryūnosuke shot Ataru a look, then faced Mendō as well. "Where'd all the teachers go, man?"
Mendō smirked and closed his eyes. "I happen to know exactly where they went. They've
been helping me arrange a most unforgettable luncheon."
Ataru got up. "Wow, buying lunch for us? Mendō, you're so generous." He stopped. "Your
next words are 'It's not for you, you baboon, this lunch we've prepared is for the female
students!' Now to you:"
"It's not for you, you baboon, this lunch we've prepared is for the female students!" Mendō
stopped and glared at Ataru.
Ataru smiled back and winked.
Mendō drew a white-sheathed wooden sword from behind his back and swung it down on
Ataru's head. "PREDICT THIS, MORON!"
Ataru caught the sword between his hands. "Weakling, weakling! Did you really think you
can stand up to me, you utter WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!"
Mendō had kicked him in the balls.
Ryūnosuke burst into laughter so hard she collapsed against her desk and down to the floor,
as Ataru rolled around on it in fury-inducing pain.
Shinobu was more curious about the food than concerned about Ataru. "Did you really
prepare lunch for us girls, Mendō-kun?" She asked.
Mendō sheathed his blade and approached her. "It's true, I have hired the finest chefs in
Tokyo to come here today and prepare food for not just the girls in this class, but every fair
maiden in this entire school. If only to reassure them that the school's food is perfectly edible,
and that there is no need to go off campus for lunch."
Ataru stopped rolling around when Mendō's words registered through the pain, a thought
flashing through his head.
Shinobu had eaten enough food catered on Mendō's yen to know what was in store. "Well, I
was going to go out to lunch, but if we're going to have some good food. I'll stay here."
A gleam appeared in Mendō's eye. "That's good to hear." He turned to Ryūnosuke, who was
still on her knees, laughing at Ataru's pain. "What about you, Ryū-chan?"
Ryūnosuke looked up. "First off… heheheh… fuck you and Shinobu for implying my store's
food is bad. Second off, I got my own lunch, thanks very much."
Mendō wanted to point out that Ryūnosuke herself would testify that the food made at her
store was bad, but alas, he was a simp. As more female students in class crowded closer, he
continued. "I understand, but it's truly fantastic fare. I personally made sure to select dishes
based on the tastes of everyone—including yours."
Though reluctant, Ryuunosuke's ear was tugged, and she grew more inquisitive.
Mendō smiled. "Just trust me that you'll not want to miss this
luUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
His voice rose from a masculine baritone to the highest castrato from the sheer force of
Ataru's wedgie. "So! A lunch where all the girls are allowed but not the boys, eh Mendō?
And what are we exactly supposed to do about our meal?"
Looking down, he realized that he had actually lifted his mortal rival off his feet, and he was
dangling. "Wow, if I didn't think I could afford these tighty-whiteys, I'd ask where you got
them from."
He dropped Mendō, who collapsed to one knee, bellowing for breath. "Anyway, I all of a
sudden don't care about you sucking up to the girls."
Because Ataru knew there was one girl that Mendō couldn't suck up to. "Hey, Lum!"
Lum, who'd been ignoring all the happening at the moment to exchange texts with her
extraterrestrial friends, perked up hearing him call. "Yes, Darling?"
Ataru shot a quick look down at his ragged foe, before asking her. "Lunch Bell's about to
ring, do you want to go get some ramen with me?"
Lum gasped, and pitched herself out of the chair, flying over to him. "Of course!"
Mendō, much like Sakura at the meeting earlier that morning, turned ghastly white and forgot
all about his testicular trauma. He threw himself back onto his feet and reached out to Lum.
"LUM YOU MUSN'T!"
And it was at this moment, when he saw the excessively smug look on Ataru's face, that
Mendō knew.
He fucked up.
Ryūnosuke, back on her feet, scowled at Mendō. "All right, what's going on?"
Shinobu suddenly found all of her simmering dread justified. "What are you trying to keep us
girls from being part of?"
Mendō caught his breath, his slicked hair worlds messier from the violence inflicted on his
person. He looked up at the clock and sighed. "It is too late now for any of that. Just know
that if you dare to leave the school today for lunch, there will be consequences."
Everyone else looked at the clock and saw the second-hand reach twelve. The first notes of
the Westminster Chime began to play on the school's PA system.
"Consequences…?" Ataru repeated, before he put it all together. Missing teachers, Mendō
dropping a surprise lunch on the girls, his willingness to throw it all away for Lum…!
"Aw shit!" Ryūnosuke shouted. "The teachers are cracking down on the kids who go off
school property for lunch, ain't they?!"
Ataru turned around. "Hey! I was about to say that! That! And totally not that Mendō was
going to let all the guys leave, lock the school up and have a huge reverse gangbang orgy…"
Everyone stared at Ataru in silence. After a moment, Shinobu broke it.
"Ataru, what the fuck?"
Ataru gestured at Mendō. "He'd totally do it!"
Lum elbowed him. "Stop projecting your weird fantasies onto other people."
"Yes." Mendō said, as he wished he'd thought of that himself.
Brushing himself off, he smoothed his hair back into place and then turned to face Ataru.
"Ryūnosuke-san is correct, the school is putting an end to the lunch-leavers, and I thought it
only right to prevent the young women of this school from being caught up in it."
He looked up at the clock, as the bell continued to chime towards twelve. "As the bells toll,
the teachers are hard at work rounding up the delinquent students at all their favorite spots to
bring them back to class and to order and discipline."
@@@@@
"At every store."
Several blocks from the school, close to the Butsumetsu neighborhood. A handful of
Tomobiki Students descended on the local 7-Eleven combini. The group was small,
consisting of three boys. The leader of the trio was a young man with light brown and messy
hair, and matching eyes behind a pair of horn-rimmed glasses. His name is Satoshi, but
because of his glasses goes regularly by Megane. His regular interests include Lum Invader,
making dramatic speeches, and Nazi Germany iconography.
He was accompanied by his two best friends. The first was Hiroyuki, a tall and large young
man with dark brown hair done in a crew cut—the source of his nickname Kakugari. His
interests included Lum Invader, CrossFit, and telling everyone that his best buddy Megane
was not a Nazi, just a wehraboo. The second was Perm, known for his curly hair that hung
over his forehead like a tiny pompadour. He used to be named Kōsuke but lost the right to be
called that in a fight. He too adores Lum Invader, enjoys creeping on her inappropriately, and
watching Kakugari's vain attempts to steer Megane away from becoming Japanese Hitler.
"Are you sure it's safe to be around here?" Kakugari asked as he checked out the window of
the store. "You can literally see Butsumetsu High School from here."
Megane smirked as he collected a few sandwiches, several bags of chips, and a large bottle of
juice. "You don't need to worry; Sōban and his gang won't bother us."
"The confidence you have when you say that bothers me," Perm said.
Megane tapped the side of his head. "It's all in the process. You don't need to worry about
why Butsumetsu won't bother us, you just need to enjoy the fact that Butsumetsu won't bother
us."
Kakugari frowned. "It's because you literally sold Chibi to them, isn't it?"
"I didn't sell him; I made a deal with Sōban!" Megane shot back.
"That deal literally involved making Chibi part of their gang!" Kakugari pointed out.
Perm shook his head. "Chibi's too cute to last long there."
"He's fine!" Megane shouted. "Now are you going to keep complaining or let me buy you
lunch?!"
Behind the counter, the cashier looked at the three with what could only be described as
muted horror. With no protests from his compatriots, Megane set down the goods and pushed
them forward for the cashier to scan, and then reached into his back pocket to pull out his
wallet.
"So how much is this going to be?" He asked as he pulled out his wallet.
As soon as it was out of his pocket, a firm hand took him by the wrist. He looked up to see a
sunglasses-wearing man in a black suit looming over him. Three more surrounded him,
Kakugari, and Perm from behind—all undetected.
"Eh?" He asked, before he looked to the door, and an older man in a dark green suit stepped
in. Right away, he recognized him. "H-hey, you're a teacher!"
The strict-styled middle-aged Japanese man nodded. "That's right, and you're coming back to
school."
"At every shop."
Closer to Tomobiki, a set of girls led by a taller, athletic looking girl wearing a dark jacket
and matching sunglasses walked up to a ramen stand. Their tall leader was beautiful, with
short black hair that accentuated her femininity—unlike certain other tomboys she knew of
who wound up looking more like a man. The girls following her did so with a sense of
unease, some looking towards the school, while others looked down at the ground.
"Captain, are you sure we can't go back? Mendō-san has gone through so much trouble." One
of them complained.
Their Captain let out a seething snarl. "What trouble does a rich sissy like Mendō go
through? I'm not eating any of his food and neither are any of you, and we'll be much better
for it!"
She pushed aside the waist high curtains that kept the sun out of the ramen stand. "Besides,
I'm paying for you girls, so it's a free lunch for you either way—isn't it?"
Another of the girls brightened a little. "Thank you, Captain Natsuko."
The old cook behind the counter looked at the four girls, and his beady eyes narrowed. He
glanced from the girls over to two customers who'd shown up just to the girls' right, a pair of
men in black suits and sunglasses. He looked at the tallest girl, catching her gaze, then
glanced towards her left. Then he shook his head.
Natsuko, as identified by the other girl, met his strange looks with confusion. "Eh? What're
you on about Ramen Guy? Serve us up!" She looked at her friends. "Order whatever. I'm
buying."
The cook made a small but quick shake of his head and glanced over again at the men in
black.
Natsuko followed his gaze and looked at the two men. "Huh?"
She looked back at the man, before reaching into her skirt pocket and pulling out a
pocketbook. "Look, are you going to take our orders or not?"
As soon as the wallet was out, the two men stood up and stepped over to the girls. Natsuko
turned to them. "What do you want?"
The curtains parted again, and a small, thin woman dressed as a teacher stepped up. "We want
you to come along quietly. You ladies are in big trouble!"
The girls, recognizing one of their schoolteachers, looked back at the men in black, as two
more entered the shop. On the other side of the counter, his head bowed, the cook clenched
his fists and tightened his jaw in impotent anger.
"Every restaurant!"
At a small lunch diner, a small group of Tomobiki students were seated around a table,
handing in their orders with the server. They were typical students, none particularly
delinquent, or even notable, just students enjoying lunch like they always did.
The matronly server, who forced her smile and avoided meeting any of their gazes, took each
boy's order and crept off to the back to hand them in.
"Hey," one of the boys noticed their server's withdrawn attitude. "Is it just me or is the old
lady in a bad mood."
One of his mates shrugged his shoulders. "I heard that idiot Tigerbull came through here a
few days ago and cleaned out some restaurants. Maybe she's still feeling the hit?"
The third boy of the quartet disagreed. "If it was Rei, this place would still be closed, and the
owner would be happier for it. Stupid fake pretty boy…"
The fourth of the quartet had the answer, as he checked the school's BBS on his phone. "Hey,
the BBS is lighting up. Students are saying that teachers are grabbing them at restaurants!"
The first of the boys couldn't believe it. "Why? They never cared about us eating out before."
The second agreed. "Yeah!"
The third shrugged his shoulders. "Eh, who cares? There're way more spots around school
than teachers. And if one does try to get the jump on us, we can just bolt, right?"
As the other boys agreed, a woman from the back stepped out, but it wasn't the server.
Shorter than the boys, and a bit on the rounder side, she had curly, poofy blonde hair that
stopped just below her shoulders, and eyes brown like warm, rich chocolate. Standing over
them, as a pair of men in black stepped in and blocked the doorway, the woman smiled down
at the would-be customers.
"Bonjour! Vous vous amusez bien?" She asked in an airy, almost sleepy voice.
Despite the cheer and softness of her voice, the boys froze in their seats, and all slowly turned
their heads to look up at her as blue trailed down their foreheads and tremors overtook their
bodies.
"Nowhere is safe! Not even vending machines and park benches! In the name of defending
this school's honor and preserving order, we have sworn to bring all the students who leave
for lunch to heel!" Mendō thrust his wooden sword to the ceiling. "As president of the
Student Council, it is my sworn duty to aid in disciplining the delinquency that has overtaken
this school and show the true path to academic righteousness…!"
He stopped when he noticed that his audience was gone. "Huh?"
He looked around, his head whipping left and right. "What? Where? How?"
He stopped when he saw a note on Ataru's desk, in the otherwise empty classroom. He picked
it up and read it.
To Whom It May Concern,
While you were busy loving the sound of your own voice, we all went out to get lunch. You
can't stop us from going out to eat, and if you try you will make a fool of yourself like you
always do.
Written without Regard,
Moroboshi Ataru
PS
Included at the bottom of this letter is a drawing of a butt. It is a representation of your face.
Because your face is a butt. Face butt.
Gottem~
Mendō looked down at the bottom of the page and sure enough there was a picture of a pair
of buttocks looking back at him. Lowering the paper, he let out a seething hiss.
"Mo… ro… bo… shi…" He growled as the wooden sword cracked in his hand.
Chapter End Notes
Soup's on, baby!

Chapter 15: The Bento Boxer Rebellion
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"Damn Kaori, you must have more preferred customers than cows at a dairy farm," Katie
muttered as she and Akane waited in the queue at Ucchan's. Though they were only second in
line, this was after waiting in said line that went halfway down the block from the front of
'Ucchan's' okonomiyaki stand.
"Seems like a busy day… really busy," Akane mused aloud. "At least the line's moving pretty
fast."
"It's so uncool," Katie lamented, though this was on her. She had entirely forgotten to
consider a queue when making up her timetable and now here they were.
That wasn't the only thing bothering her, though. There was a foul note to the air, a hint of
something dark and foreboding happening nearby, and it was making the hairs on the back of
her neck rise.
"If the line's this long, the food must be good," Akane pointed out.
"Yeah, but shit's like waiting in line at a brand new In-N-Out on 4/20," her tall senpai
muttered back.
The meaning of the place and time both passed right over the head of the youngest Tendo.
"What's so important about 4/20? Do they have a sale on that day?"
Katie's cheeks colored and she looked aside, speaking with her voice a little lower. "… Nah,
more like the demand is higher…"
She changed the subject. "So, what's up with your training?"
"Well, you know how I got into all that trouble with Kuno because I tried for the Kendo Club,
right?" Katie nodded. "Well, I've been thinking about going back to it but… you know… the
Kendo Club's all zombies now and I don't think there are girls who want to take part."
Katie tapped a finger on her cheek and hummed. "Sword stuff ain't really my bag. I mean,
I've practiced some kenjutsu and junk when I was super little, but that was more so I could be
at least competent at holding one."
She looked around. "You could always ask around other places. There are still kendo schools
here in SAD town, right?"
"Only in Taian… and they all have beef with my dad…"
Katie lit up. "Whoa, dojo drama? Really? What'd your dad do to piss them off?"
"I don't know. Most schools are really unfriendly to Indiscriminate Grappling." She closed
her eyes and spoke like she was in front of a teacher, explaining why she was late. "Daddy
says that it all happened in the past, there's nothing that can fix it, and he hates talking about
it."
Katie folded her arms. "Huh… your dad seems way too chill to be caught up in stuff like that.
Kinda like mine."
Akane opened her eyes to roll them. "Oh no, he can be so dramatic."
The line crept up some as a customer walked away with their large order and Katie let out the
softest contemplative hum as she and Akane finally stepped up to Ucchan's stand.
The eponymous Ucchan stood there, a handsome, slender young man with long chestnut-
brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, wearing a white shirt, and black slacks along with a
black apron. Curiously, he had a large spatula strapped to his back, and his apron was covered
in small okonomiyaki spatulas.
"We can finally order," Akane said before she breathed it all in. "And it smells delicious."
"Tell me about it, today's been a sensory feast," Katie said as she looked at Ucchan
specifically. "Tell me, is it always this busy 'round these parts?"
Ucchan smiled big. "Can you believe the Lunch Rush ain't even started yet?"
"I can believe it; I just hope there's still some back there left for me." Katie pulled out her
phone and showed him the selfie Kaori took of them. "I'm hoping this is good for
something."
"Ah, one of Kaori-chan's preferred customers, huh?" Ucchan said, looking it over for himself.
"You're darn tootin' it's good for something! Pick yourself two okonomiyaki then give me the
price of one, sugar."
Katie rubbed her chin, but all the toppings and combinations offered were going over her
head. She asked Akane, "Hey, have you got any suggestions for an okonomiyaki newbie?"
"This place doesn't hold back on the extra bells and whistles." Akane said as she scanned the
menu. "Pick what sounds good in your head, it's literally 'how you like it.'"
"Oh right." Katie forgot little turns of phrases at times, despite her good grasp of Japanese.
"Let me get pork and shrimp, with lots of hot sauce and then beef with a fried egg with the
curry sauce."
"Coming right up." Ucchan replied. "The pork and shrimp will be 285 yen and the beef is
305, pay for whichever one you want and the other's free."
"That's awfully generous," Katie said, as she went to grab her wallet.
"Hey, Kaori-chan went through all the trouble of recommending you and you risked your
pretty behind coming over to Tomobiki," Ucchan explained, as he started mixing the batter.
"I'm not letting you leave empty handed."
Katie paid the bill. "So, you know about Moroboshi Ataru, Hero of Mankind."
"I wasn't born under a rock yesterday; I knew full well what I was gettin' into coming to live
here." Ucchan poured the prepared batter onto the smoking hot skillet, then with hands so fast
Akane and Katie could barely track them he cut and shaped the batter into two rounds with a
spatula in each hand. "But you know how it is with opportunities, you can't go a-passing
them up when they come a-knockin'…"
While Katie agreed, she and Akane could not take their eyes off Ucchan's deft movements.
"Dang, lunch and a show. How long have y'all been at this?"
Ucchan looked up, his hands not missing a beat. "Learnin' how to cook is practically my first
memory!"
While her senpai was preoccupied with Ucchan's fast hands. Akane noticed a pair of boys
galloping around a nearby corner. Seeing the stand and the queue, they staggered to a halt at
the end of the line, huffing and puffing like they'd just run a marathon.
They were both Tomobiki students, one average height and slim, freckle-faced with brown
hair, and the other tall, more strongly built, and with the bushiest eyebrows she'd ever seen.
So comfortable Akane was seeing boys drift in the wind, she'd almost forgotten what
functional young men looked like.
"Whew…" The freckle-faced young man breathed. "That was close."
He turned to the bushy-browed young man and clenched his hand into a fist. "I can't believe
the teachers would stoop to something like this. We're just trying to eat lunch!"
The eyes of the bushy browed young man were intense as he regained his composure.
"What's important is that the coast is clear, and we can eat in peace."
That same intensity was gone in an instant, when he turned to his friend with a pleading
smile. "Say… can you spot me for lunch? I gave my allowance to my girlfriend."
Freckle-face glared up at his friend. "You're lucky I use you for shade."
Ucchan looked up from turning over Katie's Okonomiyaki as Akane turned to the two, none
having missed their exchange. "What's going on?"
Both turned to her, and Freckle Face's mouth fell open upon seeing Akane. He straightened
his back and squared his shoulders. "O-oh! Uh… our school's cracking down on people going
off campus for lunch. We just barely escaped a taiyaki stand just up the road."
Ucchan blanched. "What?!"
Akane frowned. "Really? They're giving you crap about only that? Aren't you guys from
Tomobiki?"
Both boys nodded, with Freckle-Face standing taller in vain next to his friend. "I'm Shirai
Kōsuke by the way. And tall, dark, and handsome is Hokuto—we're single, and looking!"
Hokuto glanced down at him. "I have a girlfriend–"
Akane's expression went flat. "Definitely from Tomobiki."
"You guys ain't my type, in advance," Katie said, then looked at Hokuto again. "Okay, maybe
you but–"
"Girlfriend," Hokuto cut her off.
Katie nodded. "Noted."
Kōsuke raised his hands in protest. "Hey, whatever you heard, we're not all like that! It's just
Moroboshi and Mendō!"
"And I have a girlfriend," Hokuto repeated, insistently.
"We both just want one girlfriend each and to respect her, her feelings, and her independence
as a human being!"
Hokuto palmed his face. "Oh for fuck's sake."
Katie looked aside, biting down on her snicker.
Akane had her fill of carnage days ago, so she just rolled her eyes and turned away from
them. "Whatever, sorry that your school's going after you."
Hokuto lowered his hand. "We've been doing it since our first year, it's annoying that they'd
start with it now."
"Ain't gonna lie to you, it's messed up," Katie commiserated.
Kōsuke dropped all pretense of being cool in front of girls for righteous indignation. "It's an
injustice, I say! We've not only been on our best behavior, but we've been dutifully giving our
hard-earned money back to the community!" He shouted to the sky.
Ucchan, a member of that community, naturally agreed. "Yer darn right it's an injustice, you
guys are paying for my brick and mortar."
He looked down at the griddle, and quickly snapped up the two finished Okonomiyaki onto a
pair of thick paper plates. "On that note, this one here's done."
Switching out his spatulas for bottles of sauces, he dolled both up as requested and threw in
some extra mayonnaise, before handing them over to Katie. "Here ya go, hon."
Taking the plates Katie brought the pork and shrimp okonomiyaki to her nose and breathed in
the still sizzling street fare. "Oh my gosh."
She held the plate to Akane, who closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, like Katie the mixing
aromas of cooked cabbage, dashi, nagaimo, pork belly and shrimp danced a waltz on her
senses, and her mouth watered. "That smells amazing. If Kasumi didn't put so much work
into my bento, I'd order some, too."
Ucchan nodded to her. "Well, if you've got the cash, I'm sure whatever box lunch can wait for
later." He winked. "It'll be our little secret."
Before Akane could push down her fluster at how handsome Ucchan was and consider the
offer, three adult men came around the same corner that Kōsuke and Hokuto had emerged
from. One of them looked like a middle-aged schoolteacher, wearing a shirt and tie and
glasses. The other two, to the concern of the girls and Ucchan, were dressed as bodyguards
for a VIP—black suits, black ties, and black sunglasses.
"All right you punks!" The teacher said, pointing at them both. "You're coming back to the
school quietly!"
Kōsuke turned to Hokuto. "Cheese it!"
Hokuto was already gone, running full tilt down the street while yelling like a scarlet macaw
that knew kung fu. Kōsuke's mouth fell open and he roared out a "YOU BASTARD!" before
jumping clear of the lunging men-in-black and following in Hokuto's direction.
Ucchan was having none of that. "Hey! Don't drive off my customers, assholes! That's an
easy 1200 yen running away!"
The teacher turned to him. "You stay out of this–"
He stopped and looked Ucchan over. "Wait, aren't you a student, too?!"
"I'm a dropout!" Ucchan shouted back.
The teacher wasn't having any of that. "It's because of quitters like you that delinquents like
them run wild! How about taking some responsibility and sending them back to school
instead of enabling them!"
"Do I look like someone who gives half a crap about your Salaryman Factory?!" Ucchan shot
back. "Now buzz off, I'm trying to do real work like a grown-ass adult!"
Katie, who could've just minded her own business and stuck to eating her okonomiyaki in
peace, turned to the teacher and chimed in with her mouth half-full because she was too
American not to. "Ain't for nothin', but y'all didn't have a problem with it 'til today and that
means it's on y'all; so die mad about it."
The teacher turned on Katie, and Akane's martial arts danger senses flew off the charts. "Who
do you think you are?" He stopped and looked at the uniforms of both girls. "Furinkan
students?! What are you kids doing so far from your school?!"
Katie held up her Okonomiyaki to indicate it, nodded to Ucchan's stand, and shrugged her
shoulders to question the teacher's intelligence. Message received, the teacher turned red in
the face and his nostrils flared like a bull taunted by the cape.
"Is that how it's going to be?!" The teacher stomped up towards Katie, his hand going up to
smack her tray of Okonomiyaki out of her hand. "You kids should learn some respect–!"
Akane went stone still as the teacher's hand shot up, Ucchan likewise freezing. They were
now animals who were past warning and ready to strike back.
They did not need to, Katie raised her tray above the path of his hand and caught his wrist
with her free hand. Holding her shrimp and pork Okonomiyaki in her mouth, she glared
straight into the teacher's eyes as the pain from her clamp-like grip made the teacher freeze.
"You ain't my teacher, we ain't your students. Take one more step towards me, my friend, or
my food, and you'll need crutches to walk after that," she promised.
Akane looked back and forth between Katie and the teacher, her eyes narrowing.
Both men-in-black, undaunted by Katie's threat, quickly moved on her to separate her from
the teacher, one of them—coming from her right—even going as far as to say. "You'd better
let go or–"
He didn't get to finish his thought; as soon as he was within range, Katie lifted her right leg
and drove it into his crotch with enough force that Ucchan heard the thump over the sound of
his grill still going. The man in black sank to his knees, gripping his crotch with both hands,
his mouth hanging open and letting out a sound that only dogs could hear and begin barking
for mercy from.
The teacher had only an instant to look at the downed Black Sunglasses man, before he was
whipped off his feet and swung into the second man, and both crashed to the sidewalk.
Wiping her hand off on the smock of her aquamarine dirndl, Katie stuffed the remainder of
her Okonomiyaki in her mouth to chew and swallow it.
"Mmm… mph… mm…" She swallowed the last of it then turned to Ucchan. "That's some
fine eatin'! How 'bout packin' up shop and comin' over to Furinkan from now on?"
Ucchan looked down at the three men sprawled around his stand. "Gonna be real witcha, I'm
almost sold on the idea."
Akane turned to him. "It can't be worse than this."
The teacher, face down on the pavement, lifted his head up and brought up a walkie-talkie to
his lips. "I need backup at Ucchan's Okonomiyaki! We got students from other schools
assaulting teachers."
A voice, Onsen Mark's, replied. "What's going on?"
"I've been attacked by students from Furinkan… send help!"
"What? Furinkan?!" Onsen Mark demanded.
A young woman's voice spoke. "Fear not, reinforcements are en route to Ucchan's."
"W-wait! Belay that–!" Onsen Mark frantically shouted before being cut off.
Katie, Akane, and Ucchan all looked at the teacher, then one another before a gray and blue
van, perhaps belonging to a teacher who did deliveries as a side hustle, suddenly pulled into
the intersection and screeched to a halt with such force that it came off its rear tires for a
moment. The door facing Ucchan's Okonomiyaki opened, and almost a dozen more Black
Sunglasses poured out of the vehicle and spread into a semi-circle around the Okonomiyaki
stand.
Katie took a bite of her other Okonomiyaki, as Akane entered a fighting stance and reiterated.
"It really can't."
Ucchan, his expression fallen, shrugged his shoulders. "Yeah, consider this my last day in
Tomobiki."
The teacher was helped up by two of the Black Sunglasses, and he pointed at him and the
girls. "You're darn right this is your last day in Tomobiki! You're going to learn the hard way
what happens to delinquents!"
Katie took another bite of her okonomiyaki. "Y'all have until I finish this here delicious snack
before y'all start learnin' some hard lessons about messing with people just goin' about their
business."
Akane set down her bento, cracked her knuckles, and began walking towards the teacher and
his goons. "They don't have to wait."
At her kouhai's insistence, Katie chewed slower. "All right, I'll leave it to you."
The teacher sneered at Akane. "You're making a big mistake–"
Her first step towards the teacher punched a shallow hole in the pavement beneath her foot.
All at once, the teacher realized he was not paid enough for this. "Oh no."
Akane broke into a full-on charge, her brown eyes filled with a murderous fire glaring into
his as he scrambled back waving his arms in frantic fashion. "NONONONO–!"
@@@@@
Just up the street, at the school itself, posh tents were set up in the school's courtyard,
underneath which female students were seated around circular tables, being served by
beautiful, well-dressed women. Soft classical music was provided by a small band of string
instruments, a piano, and a woman crooning an aria. The party was well-guarded by more of
the men-in-black that had been plaguing the Tomobiki neighborhood, and among them Onsen
Mark paced nervously.
"Principal," he said into his walkie-talkie. "Teachers are engaging other schools' students!"
"That is unfortunate," the Principal replied. "Teachers from our school should be just leaving
other schools' students be. Especially Furinkan students, and doubly so if they're young
women."
Onsen Mark grimaced. "I said the same; apparently there's a student or faculty member who
is giving contrary orders!"
"Goodness," the Principal replied. "I hope it isn't anyone with ill-intent to turn this operation
into a travesty."
"It already is!" Onsen Mark shouted. "And that's precisely the point, we need to find them
and stop them from stirring up this kind of trouble! If students from other schools get
involved, especially Furinkan students, it's only a matter of time before–!"
He heard the front doors of the school open with a bang, and turned to see Ataru run outside,
followed by Lum, Shinobu, and Ryūnosuke. On sight, he grimaced and shouted to the men-
in-black. "Hey! You dogs of Mendō! Moroboshi's gotten out of the school!"
Seeing the tents and the lively luncheon going on, Ataru stopped and goggled at the sight of
so many girls. "Wow! Mendō really won them all over with this!"
Lum side-eyed him. "Darling, come on."
Before he could sass her back, his line of sight was instantly blocked by the black-suited
guards, and his face fell. "Mendō's Black Sunglasses? Really?"
Onsen Mark pushed himself up to the front of the blockade. "Moroboshi!"
Ataru clapped his hands together with false glee. "Sensei! I was wondering where you'd been
all day! I was starting to miss you!"
Onsen Mark pointed back towards the doors he came out of. "March right back into school,
students are forbidden from leaving the grounds at any time during the day!"
Shinobu protested that. "But we go out for lunch all the time, why is it a problem now?"
The girls enjoying their delicious food and elegant atmosphere turned towards the
confrontation, and murmurs arose as Onsen Mark answered Shinobu's question.
"It's because you kids think you can just flout the rules and do whatever. It is a teacher's duty
not only to teach, but to discipline!"
Ryūnosuke raised her hand. "Hey, teach? Why not tell anyone that leaving for lunch is
banned?"
"It's always been banned!" Onsen Mark snapped back.
"It has?" Lum asked.
Shinobu thought about it. "I think? It wasn't as common before they walled off Nerima…"
"Exactly!" The teacher cut in. "Ever since the wall came up, you've all gotten lax. Things
may be different, but rules and order are still needed for you to be contributing members of
society!"
Ataru weighed on that. "Okay, then why didn't you enforce the rules?"
"We are enforcing them!"
Ataru shrugged his shoulders. "All right then, this is on you, not us."
"YOU ARE THE LAST PERSON WHO CAN SAY THAT!" Onsen Mark roared at him.
Ataru snapped his fingers and pointed at Onsen Mark. "You're right."
He turned to Ryūnosuke. "Mind setting this one off?"
Ryūnosuke stared at him, uncomprehending. "What? Why me?"
"They…" He gestured to the girls now raptly watching. "… Know what I'm all about, but
they'll listen to you."
While it was true, Ryūnosuke still scowled at him. "I don't like that implication, but
whatever."
She put her hands to her mouth and shouted. "HEY! THIS IS ALL A CON! THEY'RE
TRYING TO BAN US FROM GOING OUT FOR LUNCH!"
Onsen Mark paled, as the shout carried across the luncheon, and slowly looked back to see
many shocked girls gasping as they realized the implication of Mendō's banquet. The shock
turned into a quickly growing anger, as one girl stood.
"Mendō tried to trick us!"
Another girl got up. "Captain Natsuko was right!"
A third girl jumped up and slammed a plate on the ground. "This food sucks, anyway! I don't
want foie gras, I want ramen!"
Ryūnosuke thrust a fist into the air. "Then we must fight! For our right! To ramen!"
All at once, the vast majority of the female students enjoying lunch bolted, easily sending the
Black Sunglasses men in their way scattering in a panic as they charged the school's gate.
Watching them run, Onsen Mark turned to one of the Black Sunglasses closest to him. "H-
Hey! Don't just stand there, round them up before they all escape!"
The Black Sunglasses turned to Onsen Mark. "With all due respect, sir. We were instructed
by Mendō-sama to not lay a hand on any female students."
Onsen Mark's shoulders dropped. "What."
Ataru took his distraction as an opportunity to run up and leapfrog over his teacher's head,
knocking him off balance. As Onsen Mark flailed to not fall over, he looked back and
shouted. "That's what you get for sourcing out school policy to an idiot like Mendō!"
Onsen Mark caught himself, only to flail again as Lum flew right past his face. Ryūnosuke
ducked under one of his arms to run past him, and Shinobu finally body-checked him to the
ground as she brought up the rear. "Oof!"
Having finished his speech and realized everyone had left, Mendō finally caught up and saw
the students pouring out of the school. His left eye twitched. "Wh-what happened?!"
Pushing himself up, Onsen Mark turned to look back at Mendō, fury burning in his face.
"What do you think, idiot?! What did you do?! How did you let Moroboshi get wind of
this?!"
Rather than admit any defeat to Ataru, Mendō adjusted his jacket's collar and bowed his
head. "The bastard had been listening in on our meeting and was prepared all along."
As a Black Sunglasses man handed him a new wooden sword, he looked up with a new
determination. "We must move with haste to end this rebellion."
Onsen Mark could not agree more and brought up his walkie-talkie. "Principal, containment
has been broken! The students Mendō lured to lunch have gone off the grounds."
"Regrettable," the principal replied. "To all of you, I implore you to do your best."
"We shall, even if we must battle in the streets," Mendō said resolutely.
That threw Onsen Mark off. "B-Battle?!"
"It cannot be helped." Mendō walked past him and stopped to watch the throngs of fleeing
students. He looked over his shoulder and down at the teacher. "Are you going to turn down
the opportunity to discipline Moroboshi properly?"
Getting up, Onsen Mark adjusted his suit and tie. Mendō was right, and moreover… the
longer this went, the worse it could only get. "I won't. Let's hurry, Mendō-kun!"
He called to the Black Sunglasses. "Come on, you bastards! Do you want to live forever?!"
As they all headed off through the gate, they were watched from the principal's office. A pair
of wolf-like green eyes glinted in the light passing through the slits of the blinds, their owner
pulling into an amused smirk as he pulled away from the window.
"Amazing, I heard all the stories about Moroboshi, but I didn't think it'd be this wild."
The same light gleamed off the principal's head as he looked down at a tablet laid out on his
desk, an image of Tomobiki Neighborhood and its surroundings as seen through the eyes of a
drone. It zoomed onto the street closest to the school, and caught Ataru, Lum, Shinobu, and
Ryūnosuke emerging at the front of the mob.
Pulling back, but not too far, it caught sight of many other students running from teachers and
the Black Sunglasses, slipping into alleys to evade them, or gathering wherever they thought
there was respite even as teachers backed by more of Mendō's goons closed in. It was, all in
all, a mess.
The principal was long used to this. He turned towards the man who stood by the window, the
bright light filtering through casting him in silhouette.
"At the very least," he admitted, "It's gotten everyone out of the school and getting some
exercise."
His guest's smile was almost as bright as the light behind him. "I like you, principal, you're an
optimist."
"Now…" The principal said as he adjusted his glasses. "What about this impropriety you've
discovered?"
Chapter End Notes
Oh, who is this?
Chapter 16: Day of the Intruders
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
As Katie and Akane had run off to have lunch near halfway across the District, Nabiki was
on her way to her own lunch. Rather than suffer the gossip circles in class, she was outside at
the school's courtyard when she was confronted by the unexpected sight of Vice Principal
Okamada watching a small group of male students vegetating on a grassy knoll near the
baseball field.
While these boys may have looked less down and out than others, on closer inspection they
were just as pale and dead-eyed as their more actively roaming peers. They were wallowing
in their own misery like the others, occupying space with their self-pity and lack of
reflection.
Seeing nothing of particular worth to interact with, Nabiki shrugged her shoulders and began
to walk past them.
"It has been days now and reaching them is still difficult," he said aloud just as she passed
closest by his back.
Of course he was talking to her, nice of him to do it without looking at her. "Sorry about that
sensei, I'm a bit confused as to how that's my problem."
He looked back at her. "Pardon this old man."
"I'll do you one better and not care." It was nothing personal, Nabiki really just wanted to eat
her lunch.
Instead of a confirmation and a gentle shooing, Okamada let in a deep breath. "The school
bears more than anyone else's share of responsibility for what has happened since things
changed."
As Nabiki prepared to walk away and let him ramble to himself, he continued.
"It is a shame. This is not their fault; their youth had filled them with such passion… with no
one to guide or accept it."
He shook his head slowly, as Nabiki stopped and turned in place to face him with a cocked up
right eyebrow. "Well, as someone I know would put it, that's a you situation."
Okamada was still for a long moment, then finally turned his head to look back at her. "This
is not a school purely of young men."
"It certainly isn't now." She offered an open palm to him and a smile that asserted she was not
having his shit. "But what do I know? I'm not the one who made them this way. After all,
boys will be boys, why dare to interrupt their youthful exuberance?"
His old, tired eyes sharpened, and Nabiki's smirk spread into the arrogant sneer she normally
regarded for the backs of people's heads. Something she normally didn't give away for free,
but he earned it.
She brought her hand back and flicked it as though to clear the air. "Anyway, I'd rather not
stand here, and have you passive-aggressively blather at me about my little sister or her
senpai for cleaning up your mess. My time is money, and you don't interest me enough to
give you a discount on it."
A voice from on high called out, as an unexpected rain of black rose petals drifted down.
"Even if I warranted such interest, I'd gladly pay full price for your time, Tendo Nabiki!
Ohohohoho!"
Nabiki turned and looked towards the trees and sure enough there was the Black Rose
herself, perched on a branch amidst a tornado of her signature motif, wearing her brown skirt
and white blouse denoting the St. Hebereke uniform.
Okamada craned his head back a little more to see Kodachi, his weary eyes widening slightly
in surprise at the sight of the young woman..
"I had honestly planned for a boring lunch," Nabiki said as Kodachi leaped from the tree and
soared towards her with the grace of a swan before landing daintily before her.
"But unpredictability is the spice of life!" The younger Kuno declared, a slight smirk on her
face. "Worry not about your classes for the rest of the day, I require someone to show me
around this school and Izurando-san and your kind sister appear to be absent."
The middle Tendo managed to avoid wincing, concealing that with a mask of calculated
indifference. "Sure, but my afternoons aren't decided for free."
Kodachi raised the back of her hand close to her mouth and chortled. "Ohohoho! You are far
too used to Tachi's whining about fair recompense I see. As such, I have set aside a
considerable payment of fifty thousand yen to start off with, with a bonus on top of that
depending on how today fares."
Nabiki walled off her reservations in the proverbial basement alongside her enthusiasm at
such recompense to prevent showing it. "Well, where to start? The Clock Tower?"
"I have already collected all the pieces of my brother that I need; let us begin with the athletic
facilities first and we shall wind our way around." Kodachi said.
"You're the guest, come right this way," Nabiki said.
"Ahem," Vice Principal Okamada attempted to assert himself. "Kodachi-san, what brings you
here unannounced to your brother's school?"
Kodachi turned to him with a sharp look. "I have come to make good on my word, and see
what my brother has wrought."
She eyed the young men Okamada had been lamenting. "And truly is he the likeness of
Ozymandias, for the mighty can only look upon his works and despair."
Okamada looked at the young men, then back to Kodachi. "I would advise you to leave; as
there is no reason for you to be here."
Kodachi scoffed. "I require no reason to be here, and you know this better than others, Vice
Principal."
Nabiki looked back and forth between Kodachi and Okamada, who immediately balked.
"… Very well, I will leave you to take your tour, Kodachi-san," he said stiffly. "But do in the
future announce your visits ahead of time."
Kodachi let out a small laugh. "Oh, I will make doubly certain, Vice Principal. Now, away
with you, there is much for me to see."
"Of course, try not to keep Nabiki-san too preoccupied from her classes." With that, he turned
and walked away, headed towards the front of the school.
As they continued towards the back of the school, Kodachi matched Nabiki's pace. "Pray tell,
where are your sister and Izurando-san?"
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. "Against all conventional wisdom, Katie decided she was
going to Tomobiki for lunch, and because Akane's enthusiasm for having a senpai she
respected outweighed her own rational thinking, she followed along."
"Tomobiki!" Kodachi tapped a finger to her cheek. "Where Moroboshi Ataru lives? My, I
wonder what fare inspires such recklessness?"
As the girls fell from sight and hearing, Vice Principal Okamada stopped and rested his left
hand against the side of his school. He took a deep breath as he brought his right hand
upward towards his face, and his fingers began to tremble as they neared his chin.
"No."
He brought his hand down to his tie, which he adjusted almost as if to strangle himself. With
a deep, centering breath, Okamada continued on.
"I am the Vice Principal of this school."
No more, no less.
@@@@@
Down the street from Tomobiki High School, throngs of students were heading in the
direction of the neighborhood's shops and restaurants. At the very front of the stampede,
Ataru led the charge with Ryūnosuke and Shinobu trailing just behind and Lum flying
directly above him and to his right. With the school behind him and the open streets ahead, he
couldn't help the massive grin on his face and yelled back.
"Everyone! They can't catch all of us! Split up and have the greatest lunch of our youth!"
"YEAH!" The students who could hear him responded, and into side-streets and alleys the
mob began to split up and filter out across the neighborhood.
Lum flew closer to Ataru, batting her eyelashes. "Darling~! Where do you want to get
Ramen?"
"Someplace that has good Tanuki Ramen!" Ataru replied.
Clapping her hands together, Lum knew just the place. "Neko Noodles then, they have that,
and Ramen Rice I want to try!"
"Sounds great!" Ataru memory-holed Lum an instant later and looked at Shinobu. "Want to
share some ramen with me, Shinobu-chan?"
"Pass!" Shinobu said, and not even because of the look of violent fury that appeared on Lum's
face. "I'm getting karaage."
She called out to Ryuunosuke. "Where are you going?"
Ryūnosuke's cheeks turned red. "I-I already told you! I got my lunch!"
She looked ahead and to a familiar street corner, where right around it a certain Okonomiyaki
stand would be waiting. "In fact, I'm gonna go back and get it."
"You left your lunch at school?!" Shinobu asked.
"N-no!" Ryūnosuke stopped and jogged in place, while Ataru, Shinobu, and Lum came to a
stop around her. "It ain't that! I just…"
Ataru rolled his eyes as students rumbled past them. "We get it, the food at Hamachiya sucks
and you wanna eat out. You can admit that to us, Ryū-chan."
Ryūnosuke grimaced and turned away from her friends and Ataru. "I ain't admitting
anything! It's complicated, okay?!"
Shinobu looked at the corner where Ucchan's waited just beyond, then back at Ryūnosuke.
"It's a boy, isn't it?"
Now all of Ryūnosuke's face was red. "NO!"
A dark miasma surrounded Ataru as he stepped up to Ryūnosuke and Shinobu. "Who is this
douchebag? I'll destroy him…"
Electricity crackled around Lum as she prepared to destroy him.
Ryūnosuke shouted to the heavens. "It's none of your business!"
There was a thump and the sound of metal bending and glass breaking. Ataru, the girls he
cared for, and Lum all turned to see a Black Sunglasses rebound off the side of a van that
looked like it could've belonged to a teacher who did deliveries on the side, parked on the
edge of the intersection.
A second Black Sunglasses clipped the roof of it and tumbled over it to fall to the ground on
the other side, both men groaning in no small amount of pain.
Students who had elected to go to Ucchan's had stopped short and formed a half-perimeter
just around the van to see what was going on just beyond the corner.
One of their teachers then came hobbling around the corner under his own power, his face
pale and bathed with sweat that soaked his shirt, while the front of his pants was soaked with
something else. He didn't even pay Ataru any mind as he fled past them, whimpering.
The group zipped over to the corner to see what the violence was all about, and Ataru's face
lit up, Lum's darkened, and Shinobu and Ryūnosuke both beheld with confusion, Tendo
Akane standing triumphant over the remainder of the brutalized Black Sunglasses, dusting off
her skirt.
Katie, having just finished her Okonomiyaki, was sucking her fingers clean, and Ucchan was
politely applauding the effort.
"Thanks for handling that. How about I give you an Okonomiyaki for fr—half off?" Ucchan
asked.
Katie, who caught that, glanced back at him. "Ain't no judging the hustle, hon."
Ucchan really liked this girl. "Thanks."
He turned towards the students watching. "And just in time, my lunch rush gets here. Hey
y'all, if you're lookin' for Okonomiyaki, now's the time!"
Katie turned to Akane. "If you're goin' for it, I'd get in line if I were you."
Akane looked back at Katie with an unsettled expression. Katie's cheerful visage turned flat.
"He's right behind me, isn't he?"
Akane nodded.
Katie turned around, caught Ataru by his neck, and hoisted him into the air with his feet well
off the ground. As he squirmed and held onto her forearm to keep from asphyxiating or
blacking out, she asked him. "You just don't know how to stop, do you?"
All but doing pull ups using her forearm, Ataru gurgled back. "Whenever I see you, you take
my breath away…!"
Katie let him go and stepped back-to-back with Akane, as she glared at Lum—who met her
gaze with the same harsh intent.
"What are you even doing here?" Lum demanded Akane.
"Certainly not to see any of you!" Akane snapped back.
"We were just about to get going, in fact," Katie added.
Ataru gasped. "But you just got here! Can't we have lunch together?"
Katie stepped back and looked up at Lum. "You wanna zap your man, already?"
She did it, channeling her contempt for Akane, and Ataru hit his back spasming harder than
usual.
"Cool," Katie said before addressing her kouhai. "Still want Oko–"
"No," Akane cut back. "Let's just go back. I'll eat Kasumi's bento."
Ucchan mock pouted. "Oh well, I'll getcha next time!"
He noticed Ryūnosuke standing over by the street corner and brightened. "Oi, Ryū! You made
it!"
Shinobu, whose attention was torn between the two Furinkan girls with an apparent history
with Ataru, now had something new to intrigue her as she watched Ryūnosuke's entire face
turn an even deeper shade of red before the girl looked anywhere but directly at Ucchan.
"H-hey…" She said loud enough for Ucchan to hear across the street.
Katie took notice of Ryūnosuke, and her left eyebrow shot up fast with her inquisitive hum.
Akane noticed Katie's look and glanced back and forth between them.
He started preparing a quartet of Okonomiyaki. "Just gimme a second and I'll get your order
put together, okay?"
"Uh… th-thanks."
Shinobu sidled over to Ryūnosuke, her eyes narrowed, and her lips curled into a smile. "Ah,
is it springtime again for Ryū-chan?"
Ryūnosuke stomped off towards Ucchan's stand. "It's springtime for everyone, that's how
spring works!"
She barely made it halfway across the street, when Ataru grabbed onto her left leg. "Ryū-
chan, don't do it! He may be young, handsome, run his own business, know how to cook, and
have a charming and approachable personality, but he can't love you like I can!"
Ryūnosuke shook her leg in an attempt to dislodge him. When it failed, she looked over at
Shinobu. "Hey, you got a…?"
Shinobu nodded. "Oh! Yeah, yeah…" She produced a crowbar from her bookbag, and as
Ryūnosuke leaned back, she carefully pried Ataru's arm from around Ryūnosuke's leg, and
both girls stepped back.
Another monstrous zap crashed down on Ataru not a second after that. Katie couldn't help but
snicker, but she really tried not to because Lum was still giving Akane the evil eye as she
fried her fiancé.
"It's not funny," Akane muttered out of the corner of her mouth at her.
"I think it's hilarious right now," she whispered back.
Akane glared at Lum a final time. "Can we go? I don't want to be here when this gets any
stupider."
It was at that moment that Mendō, Onsen Mark, and the Black Sunglasses who accompanied
them emerged around the corner. Seeing the unmistakable scion of the wealthiest family in all
of Japan and his bodyguard detail, Katie pursed her lips and looked down at Akane.
Her kouhai hadn't looked back, but her dead-eyed expression spoke volumes of her
disappointment in herself.
"… Shit," she muttered.
"Girl, you gotta stop tempting fate like this," Katie suggested as Mendō gawked at the two of
them like he hadn't seen girls before, let alone ones from a different school.
Shinobu and Ryūnosuke took stock of Mendō's arrival with a reaction not unlike Akane's
own, as the wealthy young man abandoned all thought of collaboration with the school and
even of disciplining Ataru to approach the Furinkan girls. With a speed to rival Ataru's, he
eliminated the distance between himself and Akane and Katie, standing before them with an
air of charm and sophistication wreathed across his shoulders.
"Hello, young women of Furinkan High School, it is my sincerest hope that you haven't been
accosted too rudely by Moroboshi," he said.
Akane turned to Katie. "Senpai, do you want this one…?"
Katie held up a hand to decline. "No, hon, yer on a roll. Go on and do your thing."
"Thank you." Akane handed Katie her bento, turned to face Mendō, and put her hands
together before stating firmly and clearly, so there would be no misunderstanding.
"If you say another word to us, you will not just taste pavement. I will force-feed you the
entire street."
Mendō took a step back from Akane, saying nothing.
Akane bowed to him. "Thank you, Mendō-san."
She took her lunch box back from Katie and bowed again to Ucchan. "And thank you for
your wonderful service and pleasant company. We are sorry that we could not stay longer."
"Ain't no thing, sugar," Ucchan assured her. "We'll meet again soon enough."
The two Furinkan girls began leaving, Katie nodding to Ucchan as they passed his stand.
Lum watched them walk away with no small satisfaction, but she wasn't unawares enough to
not zap Ataru when he tried to slip away to flank and stop them.
As Tomobiki's most notorious student flopped back down like a fish, Shinobu noted how
intense Lum's anger was, and she whispered to Ryūnosuke. "I don't think I've ever seen Lum
this hostile before."
Ryūnosuke, glad that no one was talking about her interaction with Ucchan anymore, nodded.
"I don't think Mendō's ever backed up from a threat of violence before, either."
Today was a day of firsts, as both remembered Onsen Mark was standing there, but he looked
more interested in making sure the Furinkan girls walked away than trying to discipline any
of them.
Mendō, the brown-noser, was there to more than pick up the slack though as he drove the end
of his sheathed wooden sword into Ataru's back before he could recover and squirm away.
"Moroboshi," he said with imperious grandeur, "This rioting began with you, and it shall end
with you. You're going back to the school and all students will return there with you."
Ucchan became indignant again. "Hey now, Mendō! Don't you have a lick of respect for
business?!"
Mendō turned to Ucchan, ready to cut down the impudent young man for enabling the
delinquency as the earlier teacher had before but stopped as his eyes fell upon the vendor. It
was like something had caught in his throat to prevent him from lashing out at Ucchan, even
though he certainly wanted to.
He glared at him, trying to parse what was going on—when something occurred to him and
his gaze slowly panned over to Ryūnosuke, his eyes widening as they did.
Ataru grabbed Mendō by the ankle and flipped the wealthy young man off his feet and onto
his back with a thud. Standing just as quickly, he dusted himself off and glared at Lum. "If
you zap me like that one more time, we're not getting ramen!"
Folding her arms, Lum turned her head away from him. "I wouldn't zap you if you didn't try
to flirt with rude girls like that one!"
Ataru grinned. "So I can flirt with girls as long as they aren't rude?"
Lum whirled on him, furious. "I DIDN'T SAY THAT!"
Mendō was up again, swinging his sword down on Ataru's head.
"Hold that thought," Ataru said to his fiancée, before effortlessly catching the sword between
his hands. "You know damn well this–"
He turned to his body to avoid the follow up kick to the groin.
"-doesn't work on me, Mendō!"
"No more distractions, Moroboshi!" Mendō shouted. "You're going back to class!"
"Who's going to make me, you?" Ataru yelled back.
Onsen Mark's large hand clamped down hard on Ataru's right shoulder.
Looking back at his teacher for a moment, Ataru turned back to Mendō. "… Him?"
Onsen Mark shook Ataru violently. "Yes! I'm your teacher, damn it!"
The shaking proved ill-advised as Ataru simply let himself go limp, causing Onsen Mark to
accidentally chuck the boy away from him.
Ataru rolled to his feet and struck a heroic pose. "If that kind of weak sauce worked on me,
I'd still be back at school! Maybe work on being a teacher people can respect first before you
try it again!"
Onsen Mark growled. "If you'd stopped undermining me at every turn, this would never
happen."
"Hey teach, maybe I'd have less of a reason to undermine you if every your every single
move wasn't aimed at stepping on my neck!" Ataru jeered as he leaped onto a car to get out
of reach.
Ryūnosuke looked at Shinobu. "Is this really what this is about?"
Shinobu sighed. "Maybe."
"Get down from there already, Moroboshi!" Mendō shouted, pointing his sword at his sworn
enemy all dramatic like. "Someone like you doesn't belong out in society anyways!"
Ataru snapped back Mendō. "Yeah, yeah, I've heard it all before, but if you wanna take me in,
you best bring an army!"
Precisely the moment Ataru finished his boast, the ground started to vibrate.
"An earthquake?" Onsen Mark asked, confused before another sound could be made out over
the rumbling—metal scraping against metal and pavement.
Lum spotted it first, from her position floating above ground. "What is that?"
That was a freshly made Type 10 Main Battle Tank pulling up into view and parking itself in
the center of the intersection adjacent to Ucchan's stand. Mendō, Onsen Mark, Ryūnosuke,
Shinobu, and the other students standing around gawked at the armored war machine in
shocked silence.
"Well that's just inappropriate timing," Ataru lamented, before he raised his voice to shout to
the tank. "Hey! I was just joking! You JSDF jerks aren't even allowed here!"
"Oh you were?" A very prim, proper and gentle female voice came from the loudspeakers on
the tank. "Well then that just makes this excellent comedic timing, right Moroboshi-sama?"
The color faded from Mendō's face. "… No…"
Before anyone else could react, the hatch opened and a very pretty girl with long brown hair
emerged, wearing a beautiful dark kimono with red clouds, and a kind smile that the more
perceptive could identify as a reaction to "successfully hitting a small animal with a rock."
"Good morning, everyone, Mendō Ryōko has arrived!"
"Oh hey, Ryōko-chan!" Ataru waved, putting on his best smile. "What brings you here?"
Ryōko waved, even as everyone else in the area slowly backed from the girl in the tank, then
turned away from Ataru with the sleeve of her kimono brought up to conceal the lower half
of her face. "I am afraid it is nothing good."
"Huh?" Ataru asked, as he stepped off the car. He stopped, looked at the tank, and then at
Mendō. "Wait… are you here to help your brother?!"
Ryōko nodded, shamefully. "I overheard my dearest brother discussing his ambitions for this
day." Ryōko turned to her older brother with soulful eyes. "And I have resolved to join you
on the field of battle, to see victory in your honor, and the honor of the Mendō family!"
"Ryōko, you…!" Mendō growled.
Her smile returned, brightly, horrifying, as she brushed off his glare. "So that is why I have
brought an armored unit to assist in crushing this rebellion!"
Mendō stomped up to the side of the tank, brandishing his sword. "THIS IS AN ENTIRELY
UNNECESSARY ESCALATION, Ryōko!"
"Ah, what was that dear brother?" Ryōko turned towards him, the tank turret moving with her
to swat Mendō with the barrel.
Struck hard, he went flying into the side of the building across from Ucchan's stand, going
through the wooden fence surrounding it and leaving an imprint in its brick wall.
Onsen Mark whirled around to look at where Mendō had gone into the wall. "Ah! M-Mendō-
kun!"
As Mendō was the cause of all this, no one else expressed concern for him.
Ignoring what had happened completely, Ataru stepped up to the tank and spoke his—voice
heavy with gravitas. "Wait! You cannot simply aid your brother, not after all we've been
through together!"
Ryōko looked ready to cry. "Moroboshi-sama… don't force me to choose between the most
important men in my heart, my beloved… and my dearest brother!"
Shinobu then called out. "What about Tobimaro-san?"
Ryōko looked at Shinobu and Ryūnosuke, the tank's turret turning with her to point its
cannon at the two. "Who?"
Shinobu's blood froze, and she looked away. "Excuse me, forget I said anything."
Ataru bowed his head, as a gentle wind blew across the intersection, catching his and Ryōko's
hair. "Ryōko-chan… I understand the admiration you have for your brother, but he is an
enemy not only to myself, but to the freedom that all clamor for. Please, see it within your
heart to turn against his ambitions, and fight not just for the right of the hungry, but for our
love!"
His words struck Ryōko, who looked down at her kimono-covered hand in earnest
consideration. "… M-Moroboshi-sama…"
"… Ryōko-chan…" Ataru responded, as cherry blossoms blew through the air, around and
between them.
The tank's turret swung around, and the business end of its 120mm cannon came down to
point at Ataru, whose expression immediately flipped to one of bewildered surprise.
"Eh?"
Ryōko, tears falling from her face, called out dramatically. "Forgive me, Moroboshi-sama,
but I am still a daughter of… the Mendō family! F… FIRE!"
As ordered, the tank fired.
Instead of an explosion, however, the thump of compressed air releasing stunned most
everyone else, as an octopus-shaped beanbag round rocketed from the muzzle and straight
into Ataru's crotch. Doubled over like he was imploding, Ataru went flying towards Ucchan's
cart, only to bounce off another parked on the side of the street.
"Ataru!" Shinobu gasped.
Lum shot off after him, genuinely concerned. "Darling!"
Ryūnosuke swallowed, seeing the Toyota Cresta be effectively shorn in half by Ataru
crashing into it. "WHAT KIND OF IDIOT SHOOTS SOMEONE WITH A TANK?!"
"Oh, do not worry. It's not a real tank gun, it's an air cannon." Ryōko assured her horrified
audience.
Onsen Mark called out. "That doesn't make it any better, young lady!"
Ryōko brought a hand to her cheek and giggled. "I think it's just fine, sensei. When you are
dealing with unruly students who won't listen to reason, I believe there is a lesson we can
learn from the Chinese."
The barrel of the cannon moved to point at Ryūnosuke and Shinobu.
"And that is, much like that square where nothing happened," Ryōko said as her smile grew.
"There is no problem that cannot be solved with more tanks."
To punctuate the point, the ground immediately began to shake, and windows rattled as the
sound of more tank treads overwhelmed the area.
Chapter End Notes
The most evil character in the Rumic World appears. An impressive feat, considering the
likes of Naraku, Happosai, and Masato.
Chapter 17: The Belles of Madness
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Several blocks away from the center of the chaos was a rather nice park, where a number of
students had gathered after giving the slip to the teachers and Black Sunglasses who'd popped
up.
Among these students were Kōsuke and Hokuto, who were resting by the jungle gym after
having to run three blocks and through twice as many alleyways to lose their tails. There
were numerous girls who'd arrived as well, many claiming to have come from the school
itself, fresh from escaping Mendō's insidious plot.
"Good grief…" Kōsuke moaned. "They're freaking everywhere!"
Hokuto's arms were folded as he leaned against the jungle gym to Kōsuke's right, his gaze
piercing as he looked off into the distance. When Kōsuke looked up at him, Hokuto took a
deep, somber breath.
"… I'm so freaking hungry," he said in his deep, stoic voice.
Kōsuke hung his head. "Preaching to the choir, here. I don't wanna have to go back and eat
food from Hamachiya!"
Another young man stepped up as he said that. "Careful… talk enough crap about Hamachiya
and a Fujinami will show up to put you in your place."
Kōsuke looked up, and gave a start at the tall, downright pretty young man with long blonde
hair worn free in clear defiance of school policy. A delinquent's delinquent if there ever was
one, the young man rested his left hand on his hip and gestured to the two. "But if you insist,
hope that it's the cute one."
Kōsuke was rather surprised. "Huh, Nanto? What are you doing out here?"
The blonde tossed his hair and looked aside. "Members of the Student Council have to eat,
too, and I didn't know that Mendō was going to pull this crap." Spitting on the Mendō name,
he joined the two and leaned against the jungle gym to Kosuke's left. "Why aren't you with
Moroboshi or whatever?"
"We tried to beat the rush and walked right into the trap," Kōsuke lamented. "We've been on
the run since."
Nanto sighed. "It's the same wherever you go. I was only able to get away because the
teachers thought I was in on it, too. I even got a few kids off the hook by claiming to 'take
them into custody' on the teachers' behalf."
Hokuto and Kōsuke both chuckled, before the former asked. "How long did that last?"
His face turning a bit red in embarrassment, he looked at the ground. "Until I ran into Nurse
Sakura. She saw right through me, and I had to run for my life."
Kōsuke grinned a bit. "I wouldn't mind being captured by her, yannowwhatImean?"
Nanto matched his perverse grin. "You and I are kindred spirits, more so than Hokuto, here."
Hokuto, who had a girlfriend, rolled his eyes. This allowed him to catch sight of the school's
nurse herself walking onto the playground—her nurse attire swapped out for a jungle green
dress and beret as if she were playing the part of a soldier. Looking back at his two friends,
he gestured out towards her.
"Well, here's your opportunity," he said in a deadpan.
Spying the students gathered around the playground, Sakura raised her voice.
"Tomobiki Students, that's enough running around! You're to return to school immediately!"
She called out, and all the other students looked towards her with the alarm of startled deer.
"… Shit…" Nanto muttered, as Kōsuke jumped to his feet.
Sakura sighed when she saw how many students were here. There was no shortage of
delinquents—she'd already captured a dozen and there were just more wherever she looked,
cutting and running from her on sight as news of the crackdown spread quickly through
phones and the internet.
It was as the radio calls she received earlier said, containment had been completely broken
and now practically the entire school was on the loose.
This has gotten out of control, again. She lamented inwardly as the students loitering around
the park faced her. She saw Kōsuke and Hokuto with Nanto, but fortunately no sign of
Moroboshi.
"Running away will not make this any easier for you; you'll have to come back to class at
some point," she warned them.
Kōsuke retorted. "We would've come back from lunch anyway! You're the ones making this
into a chase!"
"Because you are breaking the rules!" Sakura argued back.
"And what a better way to enforce them," Hokuto spat, his voice heavy with frustration, "By
starting a war that will go on well past the end of the last bell."
Kōsuke and Nanto both looked at him in surprise, the latter congratulating him with a "Well
said."
"I'm freaking hungry!" Hokuto snapped back.
Nanto shook his head. "More like hangry, damn…"
Sakura let out a sigh and closed her eyes. They were right, a simple problem was ridiculously
complex now because of the pride of teachers, the ego of Mendō, and the general
incompetence of both.
She herself just wanted Moroboshi off the streets, and away from Furinkan High School, and
this wasn't bringing her closer to that goal.
Though a solution was now presenting itself. "… I haven't had my lunch yet, either."
Kōsuke, Hokuto, and Nanto all perked up at Sakura's revelation.
She looked away, regretting what she was about to say, but knowing that if she wanted to
restore order… she would have to sacrifice something.
"If you come back quietly and raise no more fuss—I will share that lunch with you."
The three young men all looked at one another again, then back at Sakura, with Hokuto
speaking up. "For real?"
She folded her arms and turned her head to the left, to try concealing that she was clenching
her teeth as hard as she could while dark thoughts flooded her mind.
Yakisoba with chicken, and I'm just giving it away! Curse you, Mendō! Curse you,
Moroboshi!
"I have more than enough for a few students," she said in spite of her seething thoughts. "I
just want this mess to stop."
The three boys all looked to one another, apprehensive at first, but then genuinely considered
the offer.
"Look, she's offering to have lunch with us–" Kōsuke said.
"To share her lunch," Nanto corrected. "I doubt we're getting some kind of candle-lit dining
atop a rose petal-covered cot in the infirmary."
"Quit making it weird, blondie," the nurse warned him of his annoyingly specific imagery.
Nanto turned to her. "Don't deride a man's ambitions!"
Hokuto spoke out of the corner of his mouth. "This is why Yuria didn't go out with you in
first year."
"Yeah man, being pretty is not a get out of cringe free card," Kōsuke added.
"Shut up!" Nanto snapped at both of them.
Hokuto dropped a large hand atop Nanto's head and grabbed it to pull him aside and out of
the way of the more pressing discussion. "As long as there's no tricks or scams, I'll come
quietly. I just want to eat lunch, none of this running around crap."
Kōsuke nodded in agreement. "Yeah, lead the way Sakura-sensei."
Relief washed over Sakura. "Of course, but first… do you have any idea where Moroboshi
is?"
Kōsuke quickly answered. "Not in the slightest; Hokuto and I got out of school first to forage,
we haven't seen him since we left."
Hokuto nodded in agreement, and Nanto was more preoccupied with smoothing out his
glorious locks to give half a damn about the likes of Moroboshi Ataru. They were really just
boys out looking to get lunch, and that made this all the more annoying to Sakura.
Even if it is to keep Moroboshi away from wandering to other schools… this wasn't necessary
at all, was it? She thought before she heard an unkind rumbling.
Crashing through the fencing on the other side of the park, was a Type 10 Main Battle Tank
of the Japan Ground Self Defense Forces. Or rather, a Type 10 Main Battle Tank of the
Mendō Family's private army, given the cartoony sigil of a glaring Octopus Head painted on
the front glacis.
The tank ground to a halt, swiveled its gun, and fired an air cannon blast that sent bean bag
rounds pelting other students gathered in the park as they tried to flee the massive machine.
Nanto, his face ashen, pointed at the machine.
"That's a tank," he said in a voice that confirmed the identity of the vehicle while questioned
his own sanity.
Two more vehicles pulled up beside it, wheeled Armored Personnel Carriers that spilled out
not only more of the Mendō Family's men in black, but also soldiers armed with what looked
like paintball rifles.
"Those are soldiers," Hokuto said, just as confused as Nanto with the mouthfeel of his own
statement.
Sakura stared at what was happening with a serenity that masked her exasperation perfectly.
"What the fuck."
Her statement gave it all away.
Several soldiers quickly lined up and aimed their paintball rifles at Nanto, Hokuto, and
Kōsuke in particular, the lead soldier calling out. "Ryōko-sama has ordered the maximum
non-lethal force permitted. Shoot to cripple!"
Compressed air hisses filled the air, and all three boys were suddenly pummeled with a
deluge of rounds that burst into orange clouds of stinging, burning irritant. Covering her nose
and mouth and quickly leaping back from the radius of the expanding cloud, Sakura
grimaced in disgust as all three were left lying on the ground, clawing at their faces.
"AHHHH! IT'S IN MY EYES!" Kōsuke screamed.
Hokuto rolled from side to side. "I just wanted some freaking okonomiyaki!"
Nanto was on his knees, howling. "It's gonna turn my hair orange!"
Sakura's left eye twitched, as she looked around the park, and found soldiers gunning down
students with more pepper balls, Black Sunglasses wrestling resisting students to the ground,
and groaning students laid out all over the park in various states of duress. She clenched her
teeth, this time at the sheer senselessness of it.
One of the Black Sunglasses walked over to her, with a cheerful smile. "Sakura-sensei,
reinforcements have arrived!"
She turned to the man in black, her expression filled with a tranquil fury. "Who requested
this?"
"Ryōko-sama, ma'am," the Black Sunglasses replied. "She expressly ordered us to support
Shūtaro-sama in suppressing this riot."
"I see," she replied before she looked at the one-sided cleanup operation. "Where is Mendō
Shūtaro?"
The Black Sunglasses shook his head. "I'm not sure, ma'am. Last I was told, he'd gone in
pursuit of Moroboshi."
Sakura sighed and headed back towards the school. "I see."
The Black Sunglasses hesitated then called after her. "Ma'am, aren't you going to help round
the enemy up so they can be returned to class?"
Sakura stopped and looked back at him, and the carnage he and his associates have wrought.
"Moron, does it look like we can go back to classes after this?"
The man in black paused and looked back at the scene. His eyes widened behind his
sunglasses, when he realized that students were either unconscious, fighting tooth and nail
against chokeholds and headlocks, or coated head to toe in volatile crowd control chemicals.
He reached up and lightly punched himself in the head.
"Oh… oops."
Sakura took in a deep breath, and let out a long, boiling sigh as she walked away from the
park.
@@@@@
Clouds of orange and black smoke began to rise over the Tomobiki neighborhood, the result
of the pepper rounds used by the soldiers and dust kicked up by the armored fighting
vehicles. The dull thuds of the air cannons resounded as if they were the doors of dungeon
cells being slammed closed. Cries of terror and pain mixed to make the sonic paint to drape
this area in the image of Hell itself.
Akane and Katie were well on their way to washing their hands of this mess when they both
felt it. The trembling of the ground, the rattling of windows, before they heard the sound of
motorized treads grinding up asphalt. Senpai and Kouhai looked at each other.
"What's that, and why does it sound like a tank?" Katie asked.
Akane quickly shook her head. "Forget it, senpai, it's Tomobiki. We just need to go back to
where things are less crazy."
Katie grimaced and looked at the sidewalk they walked down. "I'm starting to wonder if the
Okonomiyaki was worth it…"
It was shortly after her lament that a tank suddenly appeared at the street corner, blocking
their path home. Both girl stopped and stared at the machine, as it ground to a halt and its
turret turned to bring its main gun to bear on them.
"… That is a tank," Akane stated.
Katie didn't respond, she knew it was a tank. She had seen tanks before, up close and
personal even. It wasn't the same type, it didn't even bear any resemblance, but that didn't
matter. Just seeing it was enough to trigger something that lay just below the surface and
bring her grinding to a complete halt.
Akane turned to look at Katie, and saw that she had gone completely still, but her eyes were
wide and unfocused as her breathing gradually began to turn into short, shaky pants.
"… Senpai…?"
She didn't hear Akane, she didn't see the tank in front of them. She was not there anymore, on
the side of a street in the Special Administration District of Tokyo.
Where she was, the sound of the treads gave way to the sound of gunfire, of artillery ripping
across the landscape, and then loudest of all the rain.
Pelting, heavy, icy rain that fell like it was driven by a monsoon, trying to wash the blood and
ash away. The hollowed-out shell of a destroyed tank she leaned against provided very good
acoustics, amplifying it enough to deafen the entire battlefield.
Here, amidst the distant reports and explosions, Katie was staring at someone: A woman of
haunting beauty, with long wavy dark brown hair and skin a pale brown from a mixed
heritage. She wore simple clothing, blue jeans, a black spaghetti-string top, and what
appeared to be a sheer house coat inlaid with lace butterfly patterns.
At the woman's feet were more than five dozen men, broken, mentally, physically, literally.
Katie didn't look at them, she stared at the woman.
No, it wasn't a woman.
It was some eldritch thing in the shape of a woman that had appeared soundlessly, acted
thoughtlessly, and turned whatever it touched into mangled heaps.
It found her.
The rain continued to pound; the sound of distant church bells began ringing in the distance.
It found her.
The bells' rhythmic rings grew, drowning out the rain and the thumping of Katie's heart; the
cold began to burn against her heated blood.
It found her.
The bells were clanging against her ears, the noise slamming into her brain, warping time and
space once more.
Where were they? Where was she…?
She didn't know… she couldn't think…
She was so scared.
"Senpai...?" Akane's voice broke through the cacophony of rain and bells.
Katie blinked and the cold, the broken bodies, and that thing in the shape of a woman were
all gone.
She was back in the Special Administration District, standing in front of a tank, flanked by
four Black Sunglasses and four more men dressed up in combat fatigues and brandishing
collapsing batons and pepper ball rifles.
She blinked in confusion for a moment, before she realized that one of the men was saying
something to her.
"Are you girls paying attention, delinquent students are to report back to their classes! If you
resist you will be detained with force if necessary!"
"We're not Tomobiki students!" Akane snapped back at them.
The Black Sunglasses gestured to the soldiers. "Grab them and throw them in the APC,
Mendō-sama wants every delinquent apprehended."
As two of the soldiers moved up to take them into custody, Akane asked Katie. "What do you
want to do?"
The second the soldier going for her entered her reach, Katie grabbed his arm, kicked him in
the shin, elbowed him in the stomach, then turned and drilled a spinning back kick into his
solar plexus with enough force to send him crashing into another soldier before he could raise
his pepper ball rifle to shoot her.
"Show them what happens when they don't let you walk away." Katie said with fire in her
eyes and fury in her veins.
Akane set her bookbag down, and rested her bento atop it, then in the next instant she was
aloft, performing a tornado kick that tagged two of the soldiers and knocked them against the
side of the tank.
One of the Black Sunglasses, the very one who accosted them—swung a baton for her head
while yelling in fear.
She swung her arm into the descending baton in turn and ignored the painful throb that came
when it struck her. She uppercut the sunglasses wearing man in a suit, launching him up to
drape over the barrel of the tank unconscious.
Behind the hapless mook, two more of the four Black Sunglasses slammed into the side of
the tank and crumpled, after being struck by the body of the third Katie was swinging around
by his arms to throw into the wall behind her.
"Akaneko," she said.
Akane snatched up her belongings. "Yes?"
"Forgive me for bringing you to this idiot-filled dumpster fire. We will never come here
again, and if I see anyone from here in our part of town, I will join you in making sure they
cannot walk back."
Her kohai responded with a single forgiving nod in affirmative.
A voice then called from inside the tank. "Hey! Don't move, or I will shoot!"
Both girls jumped onto the tank with no effort, and a squeak of fear came from inside the
machine as its turret began to turn side to side to throw them off.
"Hey! Get off, you delinquent brats!"
Katie wrenched open the tank's hatch and nodded to Akane, who dropped into the turret with
a quick hop before the hatch was closed again.
The next sound to come from the tank's loudspeakers were her furious kiais and the screams
of the tank's crew as they were trapped inside with what amounted to a tiger in a school
uniform that knew kung fu.
As she listened to the screams turn to quick pleas for some kind of mercy, Katie turned and
saw the van that had been mentioned pull up behind the tank. Out stepped two more Black
Sunglasses and another pair of soldiers. The driver of the van pointed at her. "Get down from
there, you're supposed to be in school!"
Katie stared down at them. "We're trying to get back, but seems y'all are on a real strange
power trip to be bringing tanks to a schoolyard scuffle."
The thump of an air cannon going off brought Katie's attention back up the street where she
just came, and sure enough there was another tank with enough dust kicked up around it for
her to realize what happened. It was the diversion the purported authorities needed to jump
up onto the tank to confront her directly.
The first sunglasses wearer to land on the tank barely had his footing when Katie elbowed
him in the face. He fell off the tank and into the arms of the soldiers. The second man landed
next to her and swung a baton for her stomach, but her knee came up and snapped the
weapon in half.
The Black Sunglasses man had only a second to comprehend that a high school girl snapped
a metal collapsing baton on her knee like a twig before the shin that knee was connected to
slammed into his stupid sunglasses. He went flying end over end, smacking into a light pole
with an echoing clang.
"Not that yer much use with 'em," she added as the turret turned around and pointed at the
remaining soldiers. "Oh hey, Akaneko. You got this?"
"I do, but the driver's in the–" Akane was cut off by the hatch to the tank's driver
compartment opened and the driver bailed out in a fright.
"You can have it, I quit!" The tanker yelled.
Katie watched him go and nodded. "Cool." She turned back to the other men, but they were
fleeing as well, climbing into their van and peeling backward down the street before
fishtailing around and speeding off in the right direction.
She let out a hum, and then looked at the driver's compartment as Akane emerged from the
turret.
"Have you ever driven a tank, senpai?" She asked.
"Nope." Katie got up and made her way over to the hull hatch. "But I always wanted to try."
@@@@@
With another thump of compressed air, Mendō Ryōko's tank launched another projectile, this
time a canister full of bean bags that slammed into numerous students now fleeing in a panic
from the vehicle. Swiveling to point to the other side of the street it advanced down, the
tank's cannon went off again, launching a single bean bag that bowled over a particularly
stout male student who was lunging for a street corner.
From her perch in the commander's hatch, Ryōko giggled behind the sleeve of her kimono as
the turret turned again, this time targeting several girls as the tank's automatic loading system
placed another round in the breech.
Onsen Mark, running alongside the tank, called up to her. "Ryōko-san! I am a teacher at
Tomobiki High School! I am ordering you to stop this, immediately!"
Ryōko looked down at Onsen Mark. "I am only carrying on my brother's will, sensei. This is
what he desired—a school of order and civility, so I am making his dream come true!"
"Since when did you care about what your brother wanted?!" Onsen Mark shouted at her,
before the tank fired at the fleeing girls.
The beanbag round hurtled at the girls, who only had an instant to look back towards it before
a blur imposed itself between them and the beanbag was stopped cold against the face of
Moroboshi Ataru. Behind the groaning young man, holding his body up like a shield, was
Ryūnosuke.
"You're a really twisted one, aren't you, Ryōko?" Ryūnosuke asked as she tossed aside the
well-used Ataru like the garbage he was.
"Ryūnosuke-sama!" Ryōko gasped as the tank ground to a halt.
Ryūnosuke turned to the girls Ryōko had fired upon. "Oi! Get out of here, before that thing
shoots again!"
They had nothing to worry about, because the barrel pointed at her. Ryōko smiled. "That was
really cool, Ryūnosuke-sama. Are you the new rebel leader?"
The tank fired, but Ryūnosuke had dove away before the barrage of bean bags it fired this
time left the barrel. Rolling back up to her feet, the tomboy looked back up at the tank as its
turret turned to reacquire her, and she sprang straight up into a soaring backflip to avoid the
next round it fired. She landed on the roof of a truck and crouched down to jump as the barrel
swiveled up at her.
"This crazy bitch," Ryūnosuke muttered before she jumped again—the air cannon's next bean
bag canister shot missing as she landed on the barrel of the gun.
"Oh!" Ryōko gasped.
The tank turned from side to side, trying to swing Ryūnosuke off the end of the gun, but she
stayed on with simple sidesteps to her left and right. She pointed at Ryōko's face. "Knock it
off or I'll knock your block off!"
Ryōko gasped, aghast at the threat upon her person. "Ryūnosuke-sama…!"
She turned away, bringing a sleeve to cover her mouth. "I only wanted to help my dear
brother and avenge him after he was struck down on the field of battle."
Ryūnosuke rolled her eyes. "Oi, you're the one who struck him."
Ryōko gasped and turned back to her. "Ah, you're right."
She gently punched herself in the side of the head. "I'm such a klutz."
The barrel sharply elevated, the vertical movement catching Ryūnosuke off guard and
launching her into the air. As she recovered at the top of her unexpected flight, she found
Ryōko aiming a rocket launcher at her.
"I don't like hurting other girls, but you're not much of one, so it's all right, isn't it?" Ryōko
asked playfully as she squeezed the trigger.
The missile shrieked from the launcher, but before Ryūnosuke could twist her body out of the
way, the projectile was struck by a spatula with enough force to deflect it into the sky above,
where it exploded with dramatic force.
Ryūnosuke flipped and landed back on the ground, as Ryōko's attention was drawn to the
new interloper.
"Ah, the vendor responsible for all of this," Ryōko said.
Ucchan stood atop a streetlight, hand gripping the handle of his large spatula. He was looking
down at the tank, and at the students laid out by Ryōko's asinine rampage down the street.
The sight of dazed and unconscious students littered everywhere like the girl's discarded
playthings made the okonomiyaki chef's blood boil.
"You Mendō have messed with my business for the last time," Ucchan seethed as he drew the
spatula from his back.
Ryōko gasped in fright, both hands coming to cover her mouth. "Is this… killing intent?!"
Ucchan pitched himself from the streetlight towards the tank, but instead of striking he spun
and threw several large cloth-filled bags. When they struck the tank, it was quickly engulfed
in large billowing clouds of white.
Ryūnosuke took a step back, covering her nose instinctively, before she caught a whiff of the
smoke. "… Wait… flour?"
"Oh my!" Ryōko gasped as she was shrouded in white.
Ucchan landed with a clang just behind her and grabbed her by the shoulder. "Gotcha, bitch!"
He yanked Ryōko upward, to haul her out of the machine, but only came up with a kimono in
his grip. "Huh?"
Several blurs in black shot past Ucchan but did not strike him as the flour bomb smoke began
to clear. Turning to face the direction they went, he found Ryōko standing in the middle of
the street, wearing military fatigues and surrounded by three figures clad head to toe in black
like Kuroko—the running crew in old timey theater not meant to be watched or interacted
with as they worked on stage.
Twirling his battle spatula in hand, Ucchan cleared the flour away with a sweep of the
weapon, revealing two more tanks behind him aiming their cannons at his back.
"You scare me, Vendor-sama. So I will carry on living in my dear brother's name. Farewell!"
Ryōko called as her kuroko carried her off on a litter, like she was some exotic foreign
princess.
Ucchan seethed and threw several spatulas after them. "You're going to cut and run away the
first time someone swings on you?!"
The kuroko weaved left and right, avoiding the thrown spatula as Ryōko called back. "Why
yes! It's been fun, bye-bye!"
The Kuroko were already taking a right and going around the corner as Ucchan turned to deal
with the tanks, skillfully jumping to avoid their air cannon shots and throwing spatula that cut
into the cameras of one tank, blinding the crew buttoned up inside.
As he landed on the turret of the blinded tank, the second brought its barrel to bear—but
Ryūnosuke sprang up and connected a rising kick with the underside of the barrel, pushing it
upward to send its projectile above Ucchan's head as he threw several more spatula to blind
the second vehicle.
Jumping over the two armored vehicles, Ucchan and Ryūnosuke landed side by side as their
hatches began to open.
"You got some sweet moves there, Ryū," he complimented.
Red bloomed on her face. "Er… thanks…"
"That won't stop us," the tank commander interrupted them as his tank turned its gun to bear
on them. "You just took out the main camera!"
The soldier pointed at the two. "Fire!"
Both Ucchan and Ryūnosuke easily avoided the salvo of bean bag rounds, dashing up the
street in a zig-zag pattern to avoid the auto-loading tank fire.
"It's useless, you'll never hit a real martial artist with such slow reaction time!" Ucchan
taunted before another large bean bag round fired from the other direction nearly clipped him.
"Gah!"
Both he and Ryūnosuke looked ahead and found yet another tank waiting for them.
Now Ryūnosuke was exasperated. "How many of these stupid things are there?!"
The tank fired, and the two martial artists now found themselves in a crossfire of less than
lethal projectiles traveling fast enough to make getting hit by them wish they were more than
such.
"This is…" Ucchan ducked under a single shell, then used his battle spatula as a shield
against a canister shot of many smaller bags. "… Why I quit school!"
Ryūnosuke jumped and spun to avoid a bean bag round, and then used a hard chop to deflect
another away. "I wish… I could quit…!"
One of the dozen or so bean bags loaded into a canister shell clipped Ryūnosuke's right
shoulder and spun her around to face the tank that had cut them off. "Shit…!"
"Ryū!" Ucchan yelled, before Ataru dove into and tackled Ryūnosuke to the ground out of the
path of the bean bag shot
"Don't worry Ryū-chan!" Ataru said as he laid atop her, nuzzling her chest. "I will protect you
with my life."
Before Ryūnosuke could punch Ataru off her, Ucchan scooped him up with his spatula,
flipped him over, and swung to throw him into another bean bag shot fired from a tank. The
bean bag struck Ataru and was deflected away, while he went crashing to the ground at
Ucchan's feet.
"L-Lum…! A-Air support…!" He groaned.
Above the tanks Lum circled, reluctant to do anything for Ataru currently, but far less so for
the sake of someone she considered a friend like Ryūnosuke. Pulling her sailor fuku top to
reach into the cup of the striped bikini underneath, she pulled out a small remote control.
"This should do the trick," she said as she pointed it at one of the tanks and pressed a button.
A beam of light from the sky above shone on the tank blocking Ryūnosuke and Ucchan's
escape, and effortlessly lifted it up. The beam then carried the tank back up the street and
dropped it on the other two, their crews scrambling to escape their vehicles lest they be
crushed underneath it.
Ucchan looked up at Lum and whistled. "Sheesh, this is why they didn't even try to fight,
huh?"
Buzzing caught Lum's attention, and she turned around to see a quadrotor drone circle around
her.
Looking at it in confusion, she followed it around her. "There are more and more of these
each…"
The quadrotor flew up to her and a bright pink gas blasted from all sides of it, engulfing Lum
in the cloud. An instant later she began fluttering down like a leaf, unconscious. Seeing this,
Ryūnosuke gasped in anger.
"What the hell?!" She yelled, as Ucchan drew a single spatula.
"Oh no you don't!" He shouted, throwing the spatula at the drone and striking it. Damaged,
the quadrotor spun around and exploded with a pop.
Shinobu ran up, watching Lum's falling body, and joined the group. "Ryūnosuke-san!
Ucchan-san!"
"It's just Ucchan…" Ucchan corrected.
"Are you all right?!" She asked. "Students are being rounded up left and right! There are
soldiers coming, they have stun guns, and batons! This is getting out of hand!"
Ataru got up and shook the cobwebs out of his head. "So it's truly a war now."
He clenched a fist. "We have no choice but to fight, then."
Shinobu turned to him in disbelief. "ATARU. THERE ARE GUYS. WITH GUNS. THEY
HAVE TANKS."
Ataru faced her. "And we were just trying to eat lunch, Shinobu! If this madness must go on,
then let it! But surrendering under force of arms means they know what it takes to crush our
spirit, our youth, and our–"
Lum wafting down with her arms and legs splayed out, landed on Ataru's face backside first,
and muffled his inspiring speech as her weight pushed him down into the ground.
"… Soft…" Ataru said in a daze of the sleeping oni sprawled out atop him.
"You are right, Miyake-kun," Onsen Mark said in a tired voice as he reached up and wiped
his brow.
He was accompanied by some of the very soldiers that she was trying to warn them about.
"This has gone so wildly out of control that… I don't even know why I thought this was a
good idea."
He looked at Ataru, laid out under Lum, and found their position distasteful. "This school,
your school, it's a place of learning. Not a prison, not a day-care. You're there to learn how to
become functional members of society, not wild animals. The world is a scary place, here
inside these walls… and it's even worse out there. The carefree antics and doing whatever
you please… it won't help you in the real world."
He wished he could light up a smoke, and really sell the dramatic effect. "You're our students,
and our responsibility is to you. So… how about acknowledging our authority for once in
your lives… and come back to class. I'm pretty sure there's plenty of Mendō's lunch left over
for you all to enjoy if you agree to help stop this insanity."
As he said this, yet another tank pulled up, and pointed its gun at the students.
Ataru managed to get out of his daze and shove the sleeping Lum off him, he stood up and
faced Onsen Mark.
"You'd be out of your mind if you think I'd give up my lunch for that," he replied.
Onsen Mark bristled. "Moroboshi…!"
He pointed at Onsen Mark, cutting him off. "You say that carefree antics and doing whatever
you please won't help you in the real world, so what will? Keeping our heads down and doing
whatever some stuffy authority figure says? Doing the same menial crap day in day out like
some washed up salary man who lives his whole life henpecked by his pestering housewife?!
Nuts to that!"
He hooked a thumb at himself. "My life hasn't even begun outside these halls or the walls
beyond them! I'm not going to go straight into it the same kind of beaten down dog you are!
None of us are! If we want to eat lunch where we want, to make this miserable world you're
trying to shove us into a little bit brighter, then why shouldn't we?!"
Ryūnosuke, Ucchan, and Shinobu all gawked in stunned silence at Ataru.
"A-Ataru…" Shinobu said after a few moments, in awe of his words.
"… Oi… Ryū… how hard did Moroboshi hit his head?" Ucchan asked.
Ryūnosuke was actually moved by Ataru's speech, and she freaking hated it because they
made him sound really attractive—almost. "I've never seen anything hit his head hard enough
to get this out of him."
Onsen Mark palmed his face and groaned in frustration as he ordered the soldiers and Black
Sunglasses. "Just… grab them already!"
The tank that had moved up lifted its air cannon ever slightly and fired—to the shock of
Onsen Mark. He looked up, to shout at the tank to not fire at his students… but he instead
found the men who'd gathered with him sprawling out in agony, struck by the canister bean
bag shot fired from the vehicle. Swiveling a bit to the right, the tank fired again, bowling over
the rest of the men.
The driver's hatch popped up, and a voice called out. "Dang, Moroboshi… you sound kinda
cool."
Katie poked her head up from the driver's hatch and surveyed the damage done. She let out a
whistle when she saw Mendō's men laid out by the tank's fire. "And you, Akaneko, you're a
natural at this."
Akane emerged from the commander's hatch and called down. "Remember, Senpai, the
Tendo School of Indiscriminate Grappling's expertise is in armed combat. If it's a weapon, I
can wield it!"
Katie snickered. "I don't think it works like that exactly, hon."
"You came back for us!" Ataru sang as he leaped to embrace Katie.
And was summarily hammered into the pavement by the barrel of the tank.
"Oi," Akane said.
Katie hummed. "Maybe it does work like that." She turned to Ryūnosuke, Shinobu, and
Ucchan. "You guys wanna drive around, breaking up this madness so people can eat some
gosh darn lunch around here?"
Ucchan didn't need to be asked twice, leaping up onto the turret and sitting down next to the
hatch by Akane. "Let's get a move on. I can serve okonomiyaki from up here while we roll."
Shinobu climbed up onto the tank as well, Ryūnosuke following carrying Lum in her arms.
"Thank you so much," the former said gently to the Furinkan girls. "You really didn't have to
come back for us."
"Weren't no thing," Katie replied. "Besides. Who in their right mind brings a tank…?"
She stopped when Shinobu shook her head, giving her a flat stare as she did.
"Nevermind, you ain't gonna be in your right mind if you're locked in this SAD house," she
conceded.
Then she turned her gaze to Onsen Mark, her green eyes boring into him in an intensifying
glare. "As fer you? Yer a goddamn teacher, who the hell do you think you are lettin' students
get hurt like this, throwin' armed thugs on 'em like they're animals? Y'all oughta be ashamed
of yourself."
Ataru was back on his feet, sitting right beside her hatch. "Yeah, exactly!"
She looked up at him.
He looked down at her.
There was a moment of silence between them as they met gazes.
"… So…" He spoke. "… Room for one more in there?"
"Nope." Katie ducked down and closed the hatch, locking and activating the NBC protection
seals afterward.
Akane didn't even wait for an exchange with him, she followed Katie's lead—ducking down
into the turret and buttoning it up tightly.
Undeterred, Ataru jumped up onto the tank's turret and began knocking on it. "Hey, I know
we've gotten off on the wrong foot, but maybe we can talk it out over lunch! What do you
say, my treat!"
"Absolutely not," Akane said through the tank's loudspeaker.
He brightened. "Oh, you can hear me! Come on… your senpai thought I was kinda cool just
now, if you give me a chance–"
"Absolutely not!" Akane repeated.
As he gamely brushed off the rejection and asked Akane and Katie both about their contact
info—to only be rejected again—Ucchan looked over to Shinobu and Ryūnosuke. "He's a
persistent guy, huh?"
"It's the best and worst thing about him," Shinobu lamented.
Ryūnosuke, still cradling the sleeping Lum on her lap, thought about his defiant statement
earlier. "I can't imagine the kind of monster he'd be if he put his energy into the ways he
impresses people."
Shinobu dangled her legs off the right side of the tank's turret as it rolled along. "I don't think
the world is ready for the Ataru he could be."
Ucchan glanced over at Ataru now just lying down by the turret hatch and trying to engage in
small talk with Akane, and shook his head. "The world wasn't ready for the Ataru he is."
Ryūnosuke laughed. "Right?"
Chapter End Notes
A/N: ... Right?
Chapter 18: End of Class
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Ringing the bell on her bicycle, Kasumi ambled through the streets of Tomobiki, headed
home from shopping in Taian district. She had collected a rather extensive amount of cooking
supplies that she carried in the front basket of her bike and in saddle bags over the rear wheel:
ingredients, cleaning equipment, and even a Neptunian wok.
It was such a successful day of shopping, and she was so excited to return home that she
almost didn't notice the warzone Tomobiki had become as she rode through it towards her
home.
Men wearing black sunglasses, men cosplaying as JSDF soldiers, and numerous students of
Tomobiki High School collected themselves in groups of walking wounded, bearing all
manner of injuries in varying states of treatment. Storefronts and restaurants were ravaged by
rioting, and the streets were churned up by tank treads and littered with crushed vehicles,
debris, and expended octopus-shaped bean bag rounds.
"My, another interesting afternoon in Tomobiki," she said aloud after she came to an
intersection near an empty lot.
"It is a portent of doom."
Kasumi looked to her right at the empty lot. Standing by the fence that surrounded it was a
tiny old man dressed as a wandering Buddhist monk. Tilting up his straw hat to look up to
her, he nodded in greeting.
"Terrible misfortune lies upon the horizon, darker days than any we've seen are yet to come.
This…" He looked off at the carnage Kasumi just rode through. "… Is only the beginning of
it."
Kasumi was not shaken by the prediction. "Oh my, well I'm sure it will work out. Everyone
has bad days occasionally, after all, but there will be great days to come after those."
The old man paused and gaped at Kasumi and her optimism. "You have a pure aura, young
lady."
"Oh no, I wouldn't call it that. I'm just very hopeful for the future, and I trust that our
generation is going to do wonderful things." She gestured to the wok in her saddle bag. "I
mean, we're already in contact with aliens and have access to all sorts of neat conveniences."
The monk looked at the wok. "Oh, is that something special there?"
"It's a Neptunian wok. It heats, cools, and even cleans itself. I thought it was just the most
splendid thing, and if I had more money, I would've bought the whole set."
The monk rubbed his chin. "Mmhm… a self-cooking, chilling, and cleaning wok… truly a
marvelous item for someone who must cook a great deal."
"For my family, yes," Kasumi replied with a nod.
The monk nodded again. "Would you be so kind as to provide a meal for a lowly traveler,
struggling to get by in a cold world?"
"Oh my, of course–"
Before Kasumi could invite the monk to accompany her out of the goodness of her pure
heart, a high-heel wearing foot came down on the monk's head in a forceful stomp.
Sakura's abrupt arrival gave Kasumi a start as the woman ground her heel into the monk's
head.
"Uncle…" She growled. "… It's rude to mooch off the kindness of others."
"Oh dear, is he truly your uncle?" Kasumi asked.
Sakura nodded. "Regrettably, he and I share blood. If you are only making your way through
here, I recommend that you carry on, there is still fighting going on and you needn't be
accosted."
That wouldn't be pleasant, and Kasumi got ready to ride. "If you don't mind my asking, what
was it today?"
Sakura looked towards the direction of Tomobiki High School, looking past all the
destruction as she ground her heel into her uncle's head to keep him from speaking up.
"Something that needed to be done but was in the stupidest way imaginable."
Par for the course, for any place so tightly wound around Moroboshi Ataru, Kasumi
reasoned. "Well, I hope that whatever it was, it was successful."
Sakura looked out at the carnage, and then back at Kasumi. "No. No it was not."
@@@@@
Wisps of smoke rising through the air could be seen all the way from Furinkan High School's
courtyard, where Nabiki and Kodachi stood as the school's female population bid farewell
and headed for home. The tour of the school had been uneventful, aside from guiding the
occasional wandering spirit that was formerly a male student to the gymnasium where the
staff had been gathering them. The sound of combat and heavy armor had long died down
with the end of the school day, leaving only the peaceful late afternoon ambience.
Nabiki was looking at her phone, at various images of the chaos captured on social media,
while Kodachi's eyes laid their gaze upon the distant sky above Tomobiki.
"I do hope your sister and Izurando-san are well," Kodachi said.
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. "If I'm teflon, then Akane's kevlar. Nothing can go through
her any more than it can stick to me."
Kodachi finally looked away from the sky and at the middle Tendo Sister. "What of Izurando-
san? What do you suppose she is made of?"
Nabiki stopped bored-scrolling and thought about that answer. "To be honest? I don't know,
not that I've made it my business to care. She's just another monster like Akane, able to do
the silly stuff this town got walled off for."
Kodachi let out an amused huff. "Is that what you think of people like them, monsters?"
"Eh, can't call it anything else," Nabiki replied.
"How about the tallest nails?" Kodachi asked.
Nabiki now looked at Kodachi. "That implies that there's a hammer strong enough to drive
them down."
Kodachi let out a soft laugh, probably the first Nabiki had heard from her. "Fufufu… there
isn't. That's why they put up the walls, after all. Rather than fail to strike us down, they
pretend we don't exist anymore…"
Nabiki lifted an eyebrow, before Kodachi waved her hand like she was clearing the air. "But
I'm rambling, forgive me! There is so much more to be concerned about than the state of
worldly affairs."
She turned away from Nabiki and looked up at the school. "Like this school."
Looking up with her at the building, Nabiki wondered when Kodachi was going to say
anything about it. Throughout the day since lunch, she'd shown Kodachi just about every inch
of it, from the temporary male student corral in the gymnasium to every square meter of the
building from top floor to bottom. Through it all she made various observations and asked
questions, but never really offered an opinion on anything.
"What are your thoughts, hm?" She asked.
Kodachi's lips curved down. "It is humiliating that my school is better only through pity
donations and good press."
Her answer was not what Nabiki expected. "Come again?"
"St. Hebereke can be described as a beauteous paradise, an exemplary haven for the brightest
and most well-accomplished… a lavish garden where dainty blooms like myself flourish."
Nabiki smirked. "… And what is it really?"
The Black Rose sneered. "It is a garden, all right. One overrun with dull, unimaginative,
vapid weeds."
And Nabiki was indeed not disappointed, this was getting interesting. "Go on?"
"Its classrooms and hallowed halls are filled with social climbers, backstabbers, satellites,
dullards, and running dogs. You could throw a brain cell into a room packed wall-to-wall
with its students and it would not rub against another!"
Nabiki began to laugh, but held it in, as Kodachi continued. "But it is still pretty, immaculate
even. One could look within from without and say 'Yes, someone with money goes here.
These are surely the future of Japan.'"
She looked up at Furinkan with contempt. "If this school were anymore run down, you'd
think the Government runs it!"
Curiosity overcame Nabiki's laughter. "… Doesn't the government run it? I was under the
impression this was a MEXT school, not a private one."
"That is where you are mistaken. Furinkan High School exists solely on the yen of my
family," Kodachi revealed.
Nabiki recoiled, genuinely surprised. "… Hold up. None of us took an entrance exam to be
here, nor did my dad have to pay for any of us."
Kodachi tutted. "Do you think the staff here would bow their heads to a simpleton like my
brother because he has money? Or that he might strike them with a sword?"
That was a fair point. "So how long has this school been your family's?"
"It was the desire of my father. If you'd ever met him, you'd understand he did away with any
requirements to attend simply because he wanted to run a school."
Nabiki had never met the principal, and when she asked Kasumi about him, she would smile
stiffer than usual and immediately change the subject. Asking Tatewaki about it yielded a
similar result, and that was weird.
"It's still on the government dole, isn't it?" She asked. "I mean, it's bad enough how the other
schools around here work. I don't want to graduate this year from a fake high school."
"You needn't worry about that, Furinkan is still an accredited and official institution. It is
merely just privately owned and bears none of the trappings of a proper private school."
That annoyed Nabiki. "All things considered, that's worse."
"In many ways. As your predecessors suffered under my father's… peculiarities, and as you
have languished under my brother's… they were both ultimately beyond all else—cheap."
Nabiki's blood boiled, her left eye twitching as she took that deeply into consideration. Also
taken into consideration was visiting Tatewaki in the hospital and introducing his face to his
well-used bedpan.
It passed, however, as a more pertinent consideration took to the front. Kodachi's inquiry
about the school the other day, her visit to the school today, and ultimately her train of
thought that brought them here.
Before she could speak, Vice Principal Okamada made his voice heard. "Kodachi-san, are
you suggesting that you will take over the school in your brother's stead?"
Nabiki rolled her eyes as both turned to face Okamada, looking as barely present as he
always was. "I was wondering when you were going to actually say something instead of
seething all day."
Kodachi nodded curtly to Okamada as he totally did not react to Nabiki's barb. "I am in the
process of transferring from St. Hebereke to Furinkan. Once I have arrived, I will be setting
forth to do something about the poor state of this school."
Vice Principal Okamada reached up and adjusted his tie with considerable tension. "I
respectfully request that you do not take this course of action. The teachers and faculty are
perfectly capable of running the school as intended. This is a place for learning, not the castle
of a young lord or lady."
"Hoh?" Kodachi gave him a sharpened look. "And where were these capable teachers and
faculty when a band of brigands attempted to ransack the school, hm?!"
Okamada went still. "You mean the young men who attempted to return to class?"
"The Blinding Stars or something like that," Nabiki said. "Yeah, I wouldn't have called their
intentions academic, VP."
Letting out a breath through his nose, Okamada continued to speak in a measured tone. "We
will never know what they intended, will we? Because your sister and your classmate were
very quick to engage in a schoolyard brawl with them."
Nabiki sniffed. "I was there, you know. They definitely swung first."
"Moreover, Vice-Principal Okamada. You appear to forget yourself," Kodachi continued.
"You have somehow gotten the impression that I am less of a Kuno than my brother and
father. I assure you, that is deathly incorrect. In fact, with my brother hospitalized, and my
father… unavailable… I alone stand as the head of House Kuno."
The implication hung heavy from her words, as Nabiki looked between Kodachi, Okamada,
up at the school, and back. It was not lost upon the Vice Principal either, who seemed to lose
all the tension in his body at once and return to the barely existent man he liked lurking
around as. He bowed deeply to Kodachi, using the gesture to avoid eye contact.
"My sincerest apologies, Kodachi-san. You are not wrong in that respect."
Nabiki narrowed her eyes slightly at Okamada and let out a barely audible "Hm" at his
submission.
Kodachi lifted her nose to look down on him, then turned away. "I have no interest in the
school remaining as it is. If I am to become the Lady of this 'castle', then everything about it
shall meet my standards! Ohohohohoho!"
Okamada's reaction to that was a full body shudder before he stood upright. "… As… as you
wish, Kodachi-san."
The sound of tank treads approaching ground into the afternoon ambience. Kodachi, Nabiki,
and Okamada looked towards the front gates and saw the few straggling students who
remained gawking at the Type 10 Main Battle Tank that rolled to a stop like it wasn't a
particularly big deal.
Stranger than a tank rolling up to Furinkan (this wasn't Tomobiki, after all), but explaining it
entirely, were the several Tomobiki students and Ucchan perched atop it.
"So, this is Furinkan High School?" Ryūnosuke said. "Looks like a dump."
Shinobu turned to her. "Looks better than our school, more modern."
Ryūnosuke looked up towards the roof of the building. "The heck happened to the clock?"
The driver's hatch of the tank opened, and Katie stuck her head out. "I did. Also… whoo-
wee. Nobody told me that tanks don't have air conditioning."
She hauled herself out of the driver's compartment, revealing that she'd gotten rid of her
uniform and was wearing the gym shorts and sports bra she wore underneath. Akane emerged
from the turret, much to Nabiki's surprise, and gasped when she saw her state of dress. "Eh?
Senpai! Your clothes!"
"What? It was a freakin' sauna!" Katie gestured to the open hatch. "There's like a foot of
sweat just sloshing around inside, now!"
And there was Ataru making a lunge for the driver's hatch. "I'll clean it up!"
Katie stomped on his head, then punted him unceremoniously off the tank. "No."
Akane folded her arms and leaned onto the hatch ring. "Ugh, he's so annoying."
Without disturbing anyone standing on it, the turret turned, pointed the main gun down at
Ataru, and fired a final bean bag round in his crotch for the second time today.
Shinobu looked over at Akane. "You have to hit him into the air, that'll make him stop for a
while."
"Noted, thank you," Akane said as she climbed out of the turret to do just that—but was
waylaid by noticing Kodachi, Nabiki, and her Vice Principal looking up at the whole lot of
them. "… Ah."
Kodachi lit up into a pleasant greeting. "Tendo-san, Izurando-san! It is good to finally see
you again!"
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. "You know, I expected you to surf back on a torrent of blood,
but this is okay."
Katie hopped down and landed in front of Nabiki, who craned back a bit ever slightly as she
looked up at her. "We were thinkin' about it, but they gave us a tank."
Nabiki averted her eyes to look at the machine. "Yeah, about that… where'd you get a tank?"
Kodachi examined it closely and hummed. "It is likely a model made for the Mendō family."
She looked down the length of the hull. "Yes, there. Near the rear, there's the family crest."
Sure enough, there was the crest of the Mendō family stenciled in white paint near the back
of the vehicle. Kodachi rubbed her chin. "I'm sure that will come right off. I'll make
arrangements to have it moved to my estate."
"Thank you," Akane said, relieved the vehicle was no longer her concern.
Okamada grimaced. "Kodachi-san, are you going to steal from the Mendō family?"
"Stealing? Nonsense. It is a war prize," she replied.
And now he recoiled. "W-war prize?!"
Katie got the gist of it. "Yeah, man. Those assholes attacked Akaneko and I and we defended
ourselves. This tank is our compensation for their aggression."
Kodachi clapped her hands together. "Then I will make sure it is well-maintained for your
future leisure!"
Katie nodded to Kodachi. "Darlin' you are too kind."
Kodachi let out an arrogant huff. "I am far from kind. I merely recognize formidability and
valor when I see it."
With that said, she turned to Shinobu, Ryūnosuke, and Ucchan as they stepped off the tank.
Ryūnosuke and Ucchan were lost to her, she recognized Shinobu, and there was no mistaking
Lum Invader still cradled in Ryūnosuke's arms.
"Forgive my rudeness, I am Kuno Kodachi, the student council president of Furinkan High
School."
Okamada grimaced but refrained from speaking up when Kodachi and Nabiki both shot a
look back at him. Satisfied he would not run his mouth, Kodachi continued. "I welcome you
to my school and thank you for aiding in my fellow classmates' safe return."
"Oh, it was nothin'," Ryūnosuke said as she found Kodachi less weird and much cuter after
showing some decorum.
Shinobu agreed. "Actually, they helped us, and we're grateful for them."
Ucchan shrugged his shoulders. "So, you're in charge around here, then? How ya doin' sug?
The name's Ucchan, and I was hoping to set up some business around here. If that's okay with
you."
"… Business?" Kodachi asked.
Akane spoke next. "Yes, he's an okonomiyaki chef. Senpai and I went over to Tomobiki so
we could try his food and… everything happened."
"Yeah, sorry about that," Shinobu said with a tired voice.
"I'm not just an okonomiyaki chef, I'm the best you'll find outside of the Kansai region! I
came out here to the SAD hoping to get a business going and uh… I made the mistake of
opening in Tomobiki—no offense."
"None taken!" Shinobu and Ryūnosuke both insisted.
"And since yer pals were so nice to bring me here, I was wonderin' if I could set up my shop
here instead. My rates are cheap, and the food is top notch!"
Okamada perked up slightly upon hearing that but went unnoticed as Kodachi hummed and
turned to Katie. "Izurando-san, was this young man the one you braved Tomobiki for lunch?"
When Katie nodded, she asked. "Was it worth it?"
"Oh yeah, it's some of the best I've had since I actually moved to the SAD."
Kodachi nodded. "Well, I will trust your fine taste. Ucchan-san, you're more than welcome to
set up your business here at the school. Return in the morning and we will get you set up."
She looked back. "Okamada-san, do we have a kitchen for the young man to make use of?"
Okamada was much more animated as he welcomed this development. "Yes, the commissary
kitchen should be more than adequate for your needs. Is there anything that you require for
opening your business?"
The tiniest red flag popped up for Nabiki, but she filed it away for later.
Katie looked at Okamada in surprise, then at Akane and Nabiki "So wait, we do have a
commissary?"
Both Tendo sisters shrugged their shoulders. It was news to them.
"I shouldn't require much, just need to go grab my cart later and haul it here. Provided it ain't
ransacked by hungry Tomobiki kids."
Ryūnosuke brightened. "I-I can help you!"
When Ucchan looked at her, Ryūnosuke's face turned red. "You know… because that stuff
looked uh… heavy… and stuff… and you know…"
Ucchan laughed. "Yer a good kid but stop stumbling before you trip over."
The slyest smirk appeared on Shinobu's lips as she leaned close to Ryūnosuke. "Spriiiiing
tiiiiime…"
Going rigid, Ryūnosuke whirled around and shoved Lum into Shinobu's arms. "I'm just tryin'
to help! It's the polite thing to do! That's all there is to it, you hear me?!"
Squaring her shoulders up, she marched to Ucchan and took him by the wrist to lead him
away. "Come on, let's go get your stuff before that idiot makes anymore insinuations!"
Ucchan let himself be led off, laughing. "Sure thing, Ryū!" He waved back to the others. "See
y'all later!"
After everyone who mattered bade their farewells, Shinobu looked down at Lum, who was
still fast asleep, and turned to Kodachi. "I'm worried about Lum, now. She's been in this deep
sleep the whole time we were riding around, and nothing's woken her up."
She leaned close to Lum again and listened, then rested a finger gently against the side of her
throat. "She is breathing, and she still has a pulse. Alas, I am no expert on Oni physiology, so
I can only suggest seeking a medical professional."
Something about Lum abruptly caught Kodachi's intrigue and she leaned close to her… then
closer still to sniff her face.
Katie raised an eyebrow. "… Uhh…?"
Shinobu pulled Lum away from her. "Hey, what are you doing?"
Kodachi pulled back and waved her hand in front of her nose. "Oh no, I was merely
ascertaining what manner of agent was used to render her unconscious. I'm quite surprised,
fentanyl-based incapacitants aren't widely used."
She tapped her chin as everyone gaped at her in confusion. "In fact, it's only used in Russia—
but who would…?"
She noticed everyone staring at her.
She brought her hand to her mouth in faux embarrassment. "Pardon me, I'm rambling!"
"You do that a lot," Nabiki said.
Kodachi looked at Lum again. "Oni and Humans are different in many ways, but also similar.
The composition of the agent may have been simply strong enough to sedate her, or it was
tailor made for Oni… which would be a problem…"
Ataru hobbled his way around the tank, walking with a bit of a limp, but walking,
nevertheless. He was about to get up to his old antics, when he overheard the concern about
Lum's condition.
Remembering what had happened to Lum, he walked over to the group and was met with
hostile looks from the gathered young women.
Akane was the first to notice that he was looking at Lum and no one else as he walked up to
Shinobu, however, and she quietly drew Katie and Kodachi's attention to that observation.
"… Ataru…?" Shinobu murmured.
Leaning in close, Ataru waved his hand over her mouth and nose, and hummed. He poked
her face. "Oi, Lum." When she didn't react, he prodded her cheek. "Hey, Lum! I'm gonna buy
some umeboshi, want some?" She again didn't react. "I just punted Ten into a garbage can,
you mad?" Nothing.
Ataru poked her cheek a few more times and sighed. "Welp."
He turned away and lifted his nose high. "She's dead asleep! Finally, I'll have a night to
myself! I think I'll go over to Taian and see if I can sneak into a hostess club!"
Lum's eyes shot wide open with rage, and she lunged at Ataru's back. "YOU WHAT?!"
In a feat of agility that he usually reserved for evading teachers or catching Mendō's sword,
Ataru sidestepped Lum and caught her around her waist to pull her up under his arm.
Freezing in place, Lum blinked several times and looked back up at him. "… Ah? Darling?"
"Ha, knew it," Ataru said as he began to walk away, carrying Lum under his arm like she was
a small dog. "I was saying that I haven't had anything to eat all day, let's go home—Mom's
probably got dinner done by now."
Lum glowered at him. "I thought I heard you say something about a hostess club!"
Ataru rolled his eyes. "You must've been dreaming." He looked back. "Anyway, later girls.
Lunch was great, we should do it again sometimes… but, you know, actually eat something!"
Despite her fuming, Lum did not object to being carried by Ataru, even in such an indignant
position—or even having to remain levitating so her feet didn't drag. In fact, as Ataru drew
away from them, she smiled and relaxed to let him guide her along. Behind them, Katie
scratched the side of her head, while Akane tilted hers in complete confusion.
Shinobu let out an exasperated sigh. "Ataru's the worst."
"He really is," Akane said.
Katie caught what Shinobu was angling at. "But he could actually be okay if he actually put
himself to it, huh?"
Shinobu nodded. "Yeah."
Katie bowed her head. "Speakin' of going home, we oughta get to doing that ourselves. I am
above other things done with this mess."
Akane's shoulders slumped, and she let out a groan. "Today was so stupid! I want to forget it
ever happened!"
Lifting her head back up, Katie looked at Akane and a moment of consideration passed
quickly. Deciding against her pondering as she took note of Shinobu, Nabiki, Kodachi, and
Okamada, she patted Akane on the back. "There, there… let's get outta here."
Akane nodded, and the two began walking away. "And put your uniform on! You're basically
in your underwear."
Katie looked at her. "No way. It's still drenched, and I wear this when I go running, so I'm not
indecent." She called back at Kodachi. "The uniforms suck anyway! We should wear
somethin' cool, and not these stupid frumpy dirndls!"
Nabiki looked down at her uniform and then at Kodachi. "She has a point. If you're gonna
take over, how about a glow-up?"
Kodachi lit up and she waved farewell to the two. "I will get right on that, Izurando-san! You
girls have a much better evening!"
Okamada, adjusting his tie once more, turned and headed towards the school. "I will go to
make sure that everything is locked up for the night, Kodachi-san."
"You do that, Okamada-san," Kodachi replied without looking at him.
Shinobu bowed to Kodachi and Nabiki. "I'll be going too, sorry for the disruption we've
caused."
Kodachi smiled pleasantly and returned the bow. "Worry not, today was just another day in
Nerima."
After Shinobu turned and dashed off in the direction her schoolmates went, and Okamada fell
out of earshot, Nabiki turned to Kodachi. "So, when are you going to fire that disrespectful
asshole?"
Kodachi closed her eyes and huffed. "When I have lined up a suitable replacement. There
will be no place for scum at this school. Especially those who think so poorly of half the
student body."
@@@@@
The stride of the bald-headed principal of Tomobiki was oddly serene, a relaxed gait as if he
was taking a pleasant stroll through the neighborhood's ravaged streets. All around him he
could hear the groans of injured faculty, the ravings of devastated shop owners, and the
cheers of students free of the chaos.
Indeed, truly, this was hell.
"Yes, it should be classified as nothing less than an atrocity," The principal said, seemingly to
himself. "This is the result of Tomobiki High attempting discipline."
"A real bad look, but there's room for improvement," the principal's mysterious guest said,
walking a pace behind him.
He was a tall, handsome man wearing a sharp dark blue suit with an only slightly lighter blue
shirt and a white tie. He had long, messy dark red hair only barely kept in a ruly state by
being tied into a ponytail that reached down past his shoulders. Besides his red mane, the
color of blood in the setting sun, his other striking features were his eyes, piercing and dark
green in color—belonging more to a wolf than a human being.
"I look forward to it." The principal said, a little rough but mostly amicable. "Of course,
there's a simple overlooked fact that will deliver the shock necessary to pull things from the
spiral of madness."
"And you've just been sitting on it?" The guest asked, more curious than annoyed at this
revelation.
"You said so yourself in our first meeting, when you gave your proposal. 'The role of the
educator is not to say the answer out loud but lead the pupil to it as much as possible.'." The
principal said. "If I just say it, no one will learn anything."
"Man, you are one smooth operator there, boss." The guest replied.
"I try," the Principal retorted. "As little as it succeeds, one must still give the effort. We would
still be crawling if we all needed to succeed every time we try."
"I like your style." The guest said, his white teeth gleaming in the sun.
The light just caught the Principal's head. "Yes, there will be things to further discuss after
this. For now, we must locate the ones who will shock the system."
Not too far down the very block the principal and his guest walked, Mendō Shūtaro regained
consciousness in the abandoned lot he'd been knocked into by Ryōko's deliberate
carelessness. Pushing himself up to his feet, he looked around and quickly realized how late
in the day it was. "… How long was I unconscious?"
He listened next, and realized how unsettlingly quiet it was. "What happened to the
operation? Why is it so quiet…?"
"Because it's over."
Mendō froze for an instant, then turned to face Onsen Mark, who was leaning next to the wall
where his body impacted, taking a drag off a cigarette. Lowering the cig, and blowing out
wisping smoke, Onsen Mark looked off at the lowering sun. He smiled bitterly and shook his
head.
"After your sister meddled in everything, it all fell apart." He let out a small laugh. "Students
got a hold of weapons, word spread across the school BBS, the shopkeepers joined the
fight… a couple students even got ahold of one of those damn tanks."
He took another drag of the cigarette. "Operation Snowy Mountain Wind… was a complete
failure."
Mendō lowered his head and clenched a fist. "Damn that Moroboshi, if he hadn't interfered,
things would've been different."
Onsen Mark gave Mendō a pitying look, then looked up at the sky as a few passing birds
called into the spring evening. "There is no helping anyone who does not want to be helped.
They're all pretty entitled these days, don't you think?"
Mendō nodded. "They do not understand the sacrifices that need to be made in the name of
keeping the peace, and guiding the next generation. This operation was intended to right the
long embraced wrong and keep students where they belong… and maintain the order that my
family—that the Special Administration District requires to exist."
Onsen Mark shot Mendō a look the young man didn't notice, then rolled his eyes. "You're all
gonna graduate this year, then what are you gonna do? It's time to stop being kids and start
acting like adults, while you still have a chance to get out of this school and get somewhere
respectable."
Mendō looked back at him. "I hope you're not referring to me. I'm set."
"I mean the kids who don't own fifty-one percent of Japan!" Onsen Mark snapped back. "At
the rate things are going, they've got no futures and they need to knuckle down and do their
best or they're not going to make it! They'll end up like that lump, Sōban! Running around
and doing nothing with their lives because all people think of them is the crap school they
came from!"
The Principal's well-dressed guest poked his head into the hole in the fence Mendō made, and
then stepped in. "Well… that's not quite their fault, now, is it?"
Onsen Mark recoiled, then stared at the man. "… And who are you?"
The Principal walked in next, followed by a bipedal cat easily the size of Onsen Mark. It was
mostly white, except for several different colored spots around its right ear and tail. Turning
to the cat, the Principal nodded. "Thank you, Kotatsu-neko-san, for finding them."
The large cat nodded, and then went on its way. The Principal's guest turned to watch the cat
leave and whistled. "It's still not the weirdest thing I've seen since I've gotten here."
To answer Onsen Mark's question, the Principal gestured to his guest. "Ah, yes, this is one of
our new teachers, Nicholas Fontaine Sherman-san."
Mr. Sherman casually saluted Onsen Mark with two fingers. "But you can call me Nick."
Mendō looked at the newcomer, and immediately his thoughts raced. That is a handsome
man who could be competing for the attention of the girls at school, I must destroy him.
Onsen Mark was surprised. "Ah… a new teacher?"
Mendō smoothed out his hair, dusted himself off, and walked up to Nick. "Good evening,
Sherman-sensei. I am Mendō Shūtaro, I am the son–"
Nick raised a finger to point in Mendō's face. "You shut up."
Mendō stopped, stared at the finger pointed at him, then looked up at Nick. "… Excuse me?"
"This whole Snowy Mountain Wind business was your idea, right?" He asked.
Mendō grimaced but was prepared to throw as many people as he could under the bus. "I will
not deny that I planned it."
Nick smiled. "Great, let's have a chat about why it failed."
Pulling his hand back, Nick pocketed it and looked around. "So… from what I can guess,
your big plan was to have teachers disperse about the neighborhood backed up by your
family's private security to catch kids as they wandered about for lunch and then drag them
kicking and screaming back to the school."
Mendō, still stinging from being told to shut up, nodded. "That is correct."
"And to better cut down on the number of students leaving, you arranged a five-star lunch for
the girls," Nick continued.
Mendō nodded. "Once more, you are right."
Nick processed these two facts, then asked. "Now… tell me in your own words, how was this
supposed to go?"
At that question, Mendō balked and felt a weight press upon his shoulders. "Erm… pardon?"
"What was the best outcome of your operation, Mendō?" Nick reiterated with a less jovial
tone.
Stiffening and squaring his shoulders, Mendō looked at Nick in the eyes as he gave his
response. "The operation intended to peacefully round up any students caught sneaking from
the school. Apprehended by teachers, they would be brought back to the school and
summarily disciplined for their rule breaking. That is what had been intended, and… until the
operation encountered unplanned complications… it had been going well."
"Oh, do go on! What were these complications, Shūtaro?" Nick asked, drawing Mendō's ire.
"You should address me formally," Mendō corrected him.
"You should remember that I'm a teacher, and you're a student. I will be as informal as I like
to a kid I don't know," Nick corrected him.
That tweaked Mendō something fierce. I thought his accent was strange. An American? Of
course…
Nick clapped his hands twice, loud, snapping Mendō from his seething. "Now, I asked you a
question, Shūtaro."
Onsen Mark stepped up. "You may be a teacher, but don't–"
Nick just as quickly cut him off. "Say one more word, Onsen Mark, and I will make this far
worse for you than it already is."
"Quite," the Principal said as he adjusted his glasses for emphasis and the sun gleamed off his
dome.
Fear shot through Onsen Mark, as the same weight that Mendō struggled under manifested
with so much more force upon his shoulders. Nick stared at him for less than a moment
before turning back to the young scion.
"The first was the cunning of Moroboshi Ataru; he was able to figure out the nature of the
operation and alert the other students, causing a…" Mendō noticed Nick produce a formerly
crumpled piece of notebook paper and brought it up to read. "… Riot…"
"To Whom It May Concern," he began, "While you were busy loving the sound of your own
voice, we all went out to get lunch. You can't stop us from going out to eat, and if you try you
will make a fool of yourself like you always do. Written without Regard, Moroboshi Ataru.
PS, included at the bottom of this letter is a drawing of a butt. It is a representation of your
face. Because your face is a butt. Face butt."
Mendō looked sick as Nick looked from the letter to him and smiled. "Gottem~"
Onsen Mark immediately turned on Mendō. "YOU TOLD MOROBOSHI THE PLAN?!"
Mendō faced his teacher. "IT COULD NOT BE HELPED! HE TRICKED ME INTO
REVEALING THE PLOT!"
Onsen Mark grabbed the sides of his head, pulling at his short hair, before gesturing
emphatically with both hands as he yelled. "WHY DID YOU EVEN GO NEAR HIM TO
LET HIM TRICK YOU?!"
"Probably to try to get Lum to have lunch with him," Nick proposed.
The Principal nodded in agreement. "That does seem like a Mendō move."
Mendō set his jaw to try to regain his composure. "Her bizarre fixation on Moroboshi makes
it hard to properly court her."
"My guy, you're on the verge of being a trillionaire and if that can't get you any chick with
bad taste, then that's a YOU situation," Nick pointed out.
"Finally, someone said it," The Principal quipped.
Mendō snapped. "WHAT KIND OF TEACHER ARE YOU?!"
"I am a teacher of life lessons," Nick replied, "And you are going to learn many with me."
He waved his hand back and forth. "But we are losing the plot. Shūtaro, what was the other
circumstance that led to a complete operational failure?"
Mendō sighed. "My sister, Ryōko. She saw it fit to unnecessarily escalate the conflict when
the riot broke out. It was… a miscalculation I should've expected in hindsight."
Nick folded his arms and looked at the Principal, then back at Mendō and Onsen Mark. "…
And it's just those two points of failure? Nothing else?"
Onsen Mark grimaced. "Well, there were a pair of girls from Furinkan who–"
"Onsen Mark, we're not talkin' about them," Nick said in a tone that swore violence if the
teacher dared continue that line of thought. "As far as non-Tomobiki students are concerned,
their being out and about was none of your concern, and no one should've approached them
as they had been, reportedly, repeatedly."
Pulled up short, Onsen Mark nodded in concession. "Yes, that was a mistake, but there was
considerable concern that other schools would get involved, particularly Butsumetsu."
Nick turned to the Principal again. "Man, these guys ain't seeing it."
The Principal shook his beautifully polished head. "Not even Nurse Sakura thought to raise
the issue. She almost did, but… her fears were played with."
Mendō pointed at the Principal. "Hey! Why are you standing there, acting so above this?!
You gave the approval of the operation! You should be explaining yourself, as well!"
The Principal turned back to Mendō. "… I will offer an explanation shortly."
Shaking his head again, Nick called over to Mendō. "Kid, stop trying to get out of this. The
only way you could right now, is fighting your way."
Mendō tensed. "You do not want to make an enemy of the Mendō Clan, sir."
The smile that Nick flashed Mendō was sickeningly excited at the prospect. "I'm not afraid of
you, Shūtaro-kun, or your family of fuckwits."
Onsen Mark quickly stepped between Mendō and Nick. "Why are you trying to provoke
him?!"
"Please, like you have any more respect for him," Nick taunted.
"Be that as it may, I am his teacher, he is my responsibility! All of my students are, and if
you're going to have a go at them, then you will go through me!"
Mendō was surprised by Onsen Mark's declaration, but Nick was less impressed. "You've
spent your whole life trying to be cool, huh?"
Onsen Mark paused. "… Cool?"
Nick shrugged his shoulders. "I mean, that's what this posturing is, right? Trying to look
cool?"
He sighed. "Losing the plot again, it's about time we finished this debrief. I, acting as an
unbiased third party, will point out the flaws that you… cool guy… should've addressed."
The Principal nodded.
Mendō nearly shoved Onsen Mark aside. "What flaws?"
"So, let's review the plan," Nick spoke, "Hold a lunch for the female students, and let
everyone else leave the school so they will be caught breaking the rules by teachers sent out
to wait for them at the common lunch stops, right?"
Mendō nodded. "… Correct."
"The teachers would be supported by the Mendō family guards, the Black Sunglasses or
whatever."
Mendō nodded. "… So, what's the flaw in it?"
Nick tapped his side, then looked at the Principal. "Would you do it, please?"
The Principal nodded. "There was no intention of announcing beforehand that going out to
lunch was forbidden."
Onsen Mark went white as a sheet.
Mendō didn't quite grasp it. "Of course not, what's the point of setting up an ambush for
delinquents if they're already obeying the…!"
Then it hit him.
"… Oh."
Nick turned to the Principal. "Y'see, this is what happens when you let jumped-up rich kids
dictate disciplinary matters to teachers."
The Principal bowed his bald head in shame. "It is embarrassing."
"In your defense, Principal, you have seen the problem and sought a solution—and thus I
stand before you," Nick reassured him, before turning back to Mendō. "It's sinking in, huh,
Shūtaro? You didn't really want to announce a change in the rules… you just wanted to have
a fancy little luncheon with Lum and all the school's other young ladies, while the boys
outside had the boots put to 'em, wannit?"
Mendō again tried to throw on a modicum of class. "Please try to understand, Sherman-
sensei, this school's young men are ill-refined and lawless. Decisive measures must be taken
to put aside their delinquency. One could see my lack of announcement as an error, but an
announcement would not have mattered, it only would've encouraged their recklessness!"
Taking a deep breath, Nick looked up at the sky and let out a long, exasperated sigh. "Son,
you ain't listenin' to a damn thing. You ain't gettin' the point at all."
Suddenly, Mendō felt a terror that normally emerged when he was locked in a tight, dark
space, as Nick lowered his head to look at him directly.
"You put together an excuse to have your family's security services beat up your male
classmates, while you enjoyed lunch with all the girls in school."
Nick smiled again, that unsettling grin. "And the only reason you didn't get to, and aren't
laughing it up in hindsight right now, is because you let Moroboshi play you for a chump.
When you tried to put a stop to that, everything followed."
He took a step towards Mendō, his eyes narrowing. "Mendō Shūtaro, you're an inhuman
piece of shit, and for that? I'm recommending your expulsion."
The principal immediately agreed. "Approved. Papers will be filed and records sent first
thing in the morning."
Mendō's jaw fell open and his well-styled hair became immediately frazzled. "You can't expel
me!"
Nick shook his head. "Sure he can. If you show up at school tomorrow, you will be removed.
Go fulfill your educational needs elsewhere."
Mendō snarled. "I am saying, you cannot. Expel me. I am the scion of the Mendō family! The
first-born son and heir! My family controls over a third of the Special Administration
District! To expel me is to say to the Mendō family that I am unworthy of a lowly school like
this one!"
"Like most things in your life, that's a you situation," Nick retorted.
Mendō Shūtaro faced his banishment numbly. For a Mendō to be expelled from a school truly
was an unspeakable humiliation. He would have to explain himself to his parents. Sure, his
father wouldn't care, in fact he'd probably bust a gut laughing—that's a lost cause and a relief
at the same time.
His mother, on the other hand… she was the steward of the Mendō family's honor and
reputation! If it came to be that she found out that he was thrown out of a school for his
actions… there is no telling what she would do! She could take away his Black Sunglasses
privileges, ban him from using any of the family's jets or airships, even pass him over as heir
in lieu of Ryōko—who, unlike him, was a complete and total maniac!
"Sherman-sensei… Principal I will give you two options," Mendō said with a shaky voice.
"Reverse this decision and I will pay you both handsomely. Name your price. Otherwise…"
Mendō's hand went to the hilt before his pride could stop it. The wooden blade rasped free,
and he leveled it at Nick.
"I will use every asset available to the Mendō-clan to show you the foolishness of what you
are doing!"
Nick's eyebrows rose. "Is that a threat?"
Mendō's eyes filled with fear-driven rage as he met Nick's gaze. "That is a promise."
The Principal sighed. "Sherman-sensei, please deal with a threat to school faculty and
students as per your contract."
That stopped Mendō. "… Eh?"
Nick cracked his knuckles. "Bet."
The next thing Mendō Shūtaro knew, he was doubled over in unspeakable pain with the air
driven out of his lungs, by the knee Nick delivered into his solar plexus. Gagging, Mendō
staggered, before collapsing unconscious in a heap where he stood.
Onsen Mark recoiled, horrified, from Nick, as the new teacher looked down at Mendō in
disappointment.
"Some scion of the Mendō family. Who on Earth taught you how to fight?" He turned back to
the Principal. "Or what, did this guy just think that because he's 'a Mendō' that he just needed
to pick up a sword and he'd be good with it?"
The Principal shrugged his shoulders. "Some believe the blood of the samurai to be enough,
but if that were true…"
"It's really nothin' I care about, right now," Nick said before turning to Onsen Mark. "We
gotta address the other side of the issue, anyway."
Onsen Mark held up his hands. "H-hold it! I was deceived by Mendō, he played on my fears,
too! If I had known–"
"Save it," Nick interjected, "We got you for somethin' far worse than any of Mendō's antics."
Onsen Mark thought he knew terror before.
He was wrong.
"It kind of interested me to hear your concerns for these kids havin' no futures and how they
need to do their best or they're not gonna make it." Nick looked down at Mendō and nudged
him with his foot.
Certain that he was out, he looked back up at the profusely sweating Onsen Mark. "When
even if they did do everything you say… they'd still be fucked."
The Principal started what could only be referred to afterwards as an execution with a grim
proclamation. "Onsen Mark, it has come to my attention there is something… wrong with our
test scores. Something not even a student body filled with those of lower IQ can excuse."
Onsen Mark's sweat quickly began to soak the collar of his suit, as the Principal continued.
"It is especially troubling news, considering the methods we report them were guarded in
secrecy precisely to avoid what has been taking place."
Nick chimed in, confirming exactly how screwed he was. "Someone who shouldn't have
access, let alone know about the scores, has been backdooring his way into the school's
system and making some… judicial edits to the scores of students in certain tests. Nothing
major, just… you know… lowering a lot of high marks to ones considered barely passing.
Affecting a lot of bright—if problematic—students who'd be world-beaters if they had a
chance."
"Your dedication to your students hid you for a time. That someone like you, who professed
such care for the well-being of his students would do something so foul was unimaginable."
The Principal looked down upon Onsen Mark as if looking at a feral animal about to be put
down.
"You made a pretty fatal error though," Nick cut in. "For all your hackerman antics, you don't
really know much about computers, huh?"
The Principal nodded. "We traced the access logs to you, Onsen Mark. An investigation of
your computer in the office, and to your home computer found evidence of illegal access and
tampering."
Onsen Mark began to sputter. "W-wait… I can explain…"
"I'm sure you can, but it does not change the outcome," Nick said.
The Principal shook his head. "It does not pain me as much as I'd expect to say this, but you
are fired, Onsen Mark."
His head dropping, Onsen Mark nodded. "I… I see…"
Nick smiled. "We're going to do you a solid, though."
"Is it chop off my head while I slice my belly?" Onsen Mark asked.
"Oh, nothing so dramatic—besides my old bones can't handle that kind of labor," the
Principal replied.
Nick patted Onsen Mark on the shoulder. "We're not gonna tell anyone why you had to leave.
And I'll even pull a few strings to get you a new teaching gig in Japan."
When Onsen Mark looked up at Nick, he found that while he smiled, it didn't reach his eyes.
No, they were filled with a menacing fury, aimed straight at his heart.
"… But you're going to explain a few things, and you're going to be very comprehensive with
them, capisci?"
|Red Hair|
"… You saw… a what?"
"Yeah, I couldn't believe it either, but I was out with Xiu Mei patrolling for bandits last night
just past the bamboo forest and I saw a panda."
Somewhere in and about Sanhexiang, Sichuan, a pair of young women trekked through a
dense forest of trees and bamboo, headed far and away from their village towards the forest's
edge. One of the young women, short, tanned, with hair cut in a short bob led the other, tall,
athletic, with long red hair, and both were armed with staffs for bopping miscreants or wild
animals. They were out searching for a most unexpected discovery in the heart of China,
nowadays.
The tall redhead couldn't believe it. "… Aren't pandas extinct though? In the wild?"
"Yeah, one hasn't been seen alive in the wild since 2004," her shorter companion replied. "So,
when I saw it, I flipped out, and it saw me and ran away." She stopped and peered through
some bamboo that wasn't as dense, off to the left of them. "But that was only last night, so it
might still be nearby."
Taking her staff over her shoulders, the tall redhead looked ahead into the forest as well, pale
green eyes narrowing as she tried to make out any movement. "And it was around here?"
Her shorter companion, her black-colored eyes ringed with shadows from an overabundance
of nightly patrols, nodded eagerly. "Yes, it can't have gone far, it's a panda!"
The redhead looked down at her, and grimaced. "Min? I think you should stop taking night
patrols."
Min, as she was named, recoiled in offense. "Not you, too! Come on, I can handle night
patrols! Those scumbag deserters haven't tried to come near town after the last time I
smacked them around!"
Taking her staff, she spun it expertly, and drove several impressive thrusting strikes forward
before lifting and slamming the weapon down as though she were crushing a downed man's
head with it. Spinning it as she rose upright, she turned to her friend. "And besides, I'm well-
rested and able to handle a stupid bear–"
The staff slipped from her hand and struck her atop her head. "OW! Tsss…!"
Min's friend moved to her. "Oh shoot, are you okay?!"
"I'm fine!" Min snapped at her and turned away. "… I'm fine…"
Glancing back, she added. "And I'm not hallucinating, Rei, I saw a panda."
Rei let out a concerned sigh and looked back out in the direction they'd both looked before.
"Look, even if the panda is real, you're exhausted and stressed out. That is no place for a
martial artist to be."
"I'm well-rested! And the panda is real, damn it!" Min shouted.
Letting her staff fall to the ground, Rei wrapped her arms around Min and hugged her,
surprising the smaller girl for a moment before she let her eyes half close and leaned into the
taller girl's chest.
"Look, I believe you," Rei insisted, "But I'm worried about you being awake like this. You
need to get some rest. How about it? We go back to the house, get some sleep, and then when
you're good to go, we'll look for the panda, okay?"
Min pouted. "I feel like you're just humoring me."
"I'm not!" Rei exclaimed, before a fast-moving blur passed behind them, crossing the path.
Both girls jumped and looked back, with Rei exclaiming. "What was that?!"
The sound of bamboo bending and snapping from something massive moving through it
caught the attention of both girls. Turning around again, they both froze as quite possibly the
biggest panda bear either of them had ever seen burst from the forest and onto the path,
stumbling to a stop in front of them on two legs. It looked down at them both, its wide, beady
eyes blinking as it stared at the two girls, Rei especially.
Min's mouth fell open in silent awe at the majestic creature.
Rei said what she was thinking. "That's a freaking panda!"
Min pulled back to look up at Rei. "I told you, ha! It's real!"
Then the day got even stranger… when the panda grabbed Rei and hugged her.
Silence fell as Min stared at Rei, who stood stock still in the embrace of the panda while it
not only hugged her, but patted her atop her head affectionately, like a father consoling his
daughter. Slowly, Rei turned her head to look at Min, her eyes pleading for some kind of
rational explanation. The look Min returned had no answers, only more questions.
The silence was broken by the sound of more bamboo being shattered, like something was
moving through it with even more violence than a giant panda bear. Rei and Min looked
towards the direction the Panda came from, and then looked up with widening eyes at the
violet-haired girl in an unmistakable dress and armed with a pair of large round mallets
bursting through the bamboo in a great leap.
"… Oh shit… it's a Nyuchiezu Warrior," Rei muttered, as the girl's red eyes locked onto her
red hair… and widened with fury.
The Panda immediately let go of her, and bolted into the bamboo, as Shan Pu of the
Nyuchiezu seemed to change direction in midair, and dive towards Rei and Min with
weapons raised, screaming in a berserker's rage.
"RANMA, YOU DIE!"
As a tremendous thud and screams rose behind him, Saotome Genma clapped his paws
together in a brief prayer for whoever those two were while he ran.
It was only by the misfortune of that girl's birth that their paths crossed this day, and he
dearly hoped that her next life would be kinder to her. He also hoped that her sacrifice kept
that psychopath distracted long enough before she realized her mistake.
Chapter End Notes
If you ever have the time, go read the webcomic Mastery by Ryan Gindlesperger. It's a
lil' webcomic I enjoy very much and a cameo from the two main characters gave me a
chance at not only proving how much of a bastard Genma is... but also how there's
something VERY wrong in China...
Chapter 19: Volume 5 It's SAD At Night: Fear of the Dark
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"Oh good, it's still a little light out, we should make it with your cart back to Furinkan before
it gets too late," Ryūnosuke said to Ucchan as the two made their way back into Tomobiki,
toward his food cart.
With the battle long passed, the streets were largely empty except for a few straggling shop
owners cleaning up and boarding up their storefronts.
Ucchan smiled at Ryūnosuke. "You know, I can't thank you enough, Ryū. Going out of your
way to help me out with all this."
Ryūnosuke tried not to look at Ucchan, keeping her eyes ahead. "I said it's nothin'. You
helped me, and I'm helpin' you. That's what friends do!"
Ucchan lit up. "Wait, we're friends?"
Her face reddened. "O-of course we're friends! What have we been until now?!" Even though
she asked, Ryūnosuke suddenly didn't want to hear the answer. "A-actually nevermind! We're
here, aren't we?"
Luckily Ucchan's Okonomiyaki Stand was still intact in spite of the chaos. Not a bowl,
ingredient, or spatula was out of place. Walking up to it and hugging the side of the cart,
Ucchan sighed.
"Ah, you're okay! I'm sorry for leavin' you unattended! I'll never do that again," he said to the
cart before beginning to tear it down.
Rather than mess with Ucchan's flow and slow his process down, Ryūnosuke stood back and
kept watch. "You're really attached to that cart, huh?"
"Sure am! An okonomiyaki chef is nothing without their cart, and this is my very first one. I
built it myself." Ucchan said with pride.
Ryūnosuke was fascinated. "You're handy with carpentry and stuff, too, huh?"
Ucchan nodded as he placed wet ingredients in the cart's small icebox and dry ingredients in
secure cupboards. "Mmhm! It's a complete recreation of mine and my old man's first food
cart…" He stopped and made a face like he had said too much.
Ryūnosuke didn't notice it, she was too busy cringing at the mention of his father. "You… got
a good relationship with your Dad, huh?"
Ucchan looked up from his work. "… Eh… I guess? I emancipated two years ago and struck
out on my own, but I'll still swing by on Christmas with a bucket of chicken."
Ryūnosuke sagged in relief, but then Ucchan asked. "What about your parents?"
"My old man and I fight all the time, and he's too cheap for a bucket of chicken on
Christmas," Ryūnosuke replied brusquely. "But unfortunately, he's all I got until I graduate.
At least I learned how to bust heads from putting up with him."
Ucchan stopped stowing his cart and stared at Ryūnosuke. "… Huh."
Ryūnosuke stared back. "What?"
After a moment, Ucchan went back to it. "Nothin', you just reminded me of somebody I used
to know, is all."
Ryūnosuke tried not to be nervous, she was learning more about someone she—considered a
friend. "… Were they another friend?"
Nailed it.
"… They were, but then they stabbed me in the back and robbed me."
Blanching, Ryūnosuke quickly spoke. "Well I'm never gonna do that, okay?! I'm not a stinkin'
thief no matter what my old man says we gotta do to eat!"
Ucchan smiled big. "That's so good to hear, last thing I need in my life is another martial
artist who gets all cozy just to make off with my okonomiyaki stand."
"Wait… they stole your stand?!"
"Straight up Whitesnake in this bitch, hon." Ucchan replied.
Ryūnosuke snickered. "Sheesh, why take the cart when you got the cook right there?!"
Ucchan slammed his hands atop his closed-up cart. "EXACTLY! Him and his Dad didn't
even know how to freaking cook okonomiyaki, so why did they steal the cart and leave me
behind?!"
Ryūnosuke stopped. "… Huh?"
Ucchan's face turned red. "Uhh… yeah… I mean, it makes no sense, right?"
Ryūnosuke agreed with a nod and decided to change the subject from such a sore point.
"So… you all packed up, because we gotta go."
"… Yeah, yeah…" Ucchan replied as he went around to the front to grab the cart's handles.
When Ryūnosuke went for it, he stopped her. "Hey, no need for that. You may be a martial
artist, but I ain't letting a lady do all the heavy liftin'."
Ryūnosuke's face turned a bright red, and she swooned. "Heheh, hey… don't go callin' me a
lady, okay…?"
Which was her way of insisting she be called a lady, of course. It was her favorite thing about
Ucchan. From the moment they met, he knew she was a girl and didn't poke fun, or make
comments, or even ask about why she was named Ryūnosuke. Just right out of the gate,
recognizing she was a girl and not asking her out on a date like some other guys she really
didn't want to deal with right now.
Ucchan smirked back. "Sure thing, princess."
Ryūnosuke covered her face and swooned again, giggling. "I'm not a princess~!"
A young man called out to them. "I agree, you seem more like a queen to me."
Ucchan and Ryūnosuke both stopped to see four well-dressed young men standing at the
corner, looking in their direction. Three wore dark green suits with stylishly combed dark
hair, while the leader wore a red jacket, salmon pink slacks and had spiked and feathered
blonde hair. All three had clear skin, a strong posture, and smelled faintly of expensive
cologne.
Ryūnosuke was impressed. She'd never seen such well-dressed young men before.
Mendō didn't count, because he wasn't much of a man to begin with.
Their red and pink-wearing leader smirked. "You guys are pretty bold to be hanging out after
sunset."
Ucchan frowned. "Yeah, we were just leaving." He looked at Ryūnosuke. "Don't fall for their
charm, those are Pick Up Martial Artists."
Ryūnosuke stopped and turned to Ucchan. "Yeah, sorry. It's not every day guys look at me
and see that I'm a chick and not a really effeminate dude."
Ucchan's gaze moved down Ryūnosuke a bit. "Well, meaning no offense, but it's kinda hard
to make that mistake right now."
Ryūnosuke looked down, and then turned away from Ucchan with her face a bright pink in
embarrassment. "I can't help that!"
She muttered under her breath. "Stupid chest bindings got loose from all the fighting…"
"Like I was saying," the stylish man in red said, "It's getting dark, and you look like you
could use an escort this evening."
Ucchan gave them a withering glare. "We don't have far to go—why don't you guys go back
to Taian and not be out here harassin' ladies?"
"Harassment?! No, we're doing a service, seeing that ladies in the Special Administration
District get to where they need to be safe and sound."
"Free of charge," one of his green-suited lackeys said.
"The only way we're not getting home 'safe and sound' is if you shmucks keep holding us
up," Ucchan snapped back. "Now can you move aside so we can get going?"
The leader took the edges of his jacket in hand, striking a cool pose for Ryūnosuke. "Come
on, you don't want to walk home with a couple of handsome guys?"
Their charm had gotten to her, but their pushiness put Ryūnosuke right out of it. "Nah, you
guys can buzz off if you're gonna bug us about it."
Ucchan nodded. "You guys don't want to be caught outside of Taian where there ain't no
security."
Red Jacket folded his arms, his friends crowding around him for the maximum style points.
"Babe, we are the security. We'll keep the monsters at bay."
Ryūnosuke and Ucchan both looked at each other, before Ucchan turned to face his cart,
reached beneath it, and lifted it up above his head completely with one hand—to the disbelief
of the fresh to death quartet. Pushing the cart even higher onto one finger, Ucchan savored
the gobsmacked looks of the men.
"As you fellas can see? If we were to get into a scrap, you'd just get in the way," he taunted.
Ryūnosuke nodded in satisfaction. "Get on outta here, guys, before you get your nice threads
all junked up."
Red jacket, wanting none of that, turned away. "Yeah, you guys got this. Later!"
He and his entourage fled, as Ucchan set the cart back down.
"What a waste of time," Ucchan muttered. "Let's get outta here before it gets too dark."
"So… what the heck is a Pick Up Martial Artist, anyway?" Ryūnosuke asked.
Ucchan sighed. "They're unique to this part of town. So… not too long ago, there was a
pretty big deal of a dojo around here."
Ryūnosuke perked up. "Yeah?"
"And the head of that dojo taught a lot of the guys around here how to fight. Then one day,
the guy just up and quit teachin', leaving something like fifty students with no one to teach
them anything," Ucchan explained as they turned the corner and headed towards Furinkan.
Wide-eyed, Ryūnosuke gasped. "Why'd he quit?"
Ucchan shrugged his shoulders. "Heck if I know, but anyway. A lot of the guys picked up the
arts so they could impress girls and stuff with their moves, and for a while it made them
really popular. Then some weirdo in Taian got it in his head to actually make it a thing—and
the next thing you know, there's Host Club Martial Arts 'dojos' all in the fancy part of town."
Ryūnosuke had heard of Host Clubs, places where women went to be treated like princesses
by handsome guys. It was actually something she wanted to go see, once she was able to get
away from her dad.
The thought of being catered to and told how beautiful she was by good-looking guys was
exciting, and to hear there were Martial Arts Host Clubs was even better.
"I'd stop daydreaming if I were you, hon," Ucchan warned. "Those places are more often than
not filled to the brim with scumbags who just want your money. The Martial Arts ones are
even worse because they get aggressive with the girls, and since not everyone is a monster
like you, they get shaken down even worse."
Indignation flared up, hearing that. "You're kidding!"
"Yeah, and if we'd gone with those guys, they would've tried to shake you down—and it
would've ended badly for them."
Ryūnosuke lifted her chin with an angry snort. "I'd have kicked their asses until they
screamed for mercy!"
Loud screams of pain and terror stopped them, and both looked back to see the three green-
wearing PUMAs laid out in pain, while their red-clad leader went flying into a telephone pole
with an audible thud and a groan of pain.
Ryūnosuke looked at Ucchan. "Kinda like that."
Ucchan narrowed his eyes as he looked further into the darkness on the street.
"… Oh shoot."
@@@@@
With Nabiki still at the school with Kodachi, Akane and Katie arrived at the Tendo Dojo.
Both girls were exhausted from driving the tank around for hours. Katie especially felt like
she could fall forward in a dead faint now that the adrenaline was out of her system, and she
was somewhere peaceful and quiet—after eating her weight in food.
"Is Kasumi gonna be okay with me crashing on such short notice?" Katie asked, briefly
interrupted by a yawn towards the end.
Akane smiled. "Of course she is, do you not remember this morning? She wants you to come
over, so she'll be happy to see you."
A red blush colored Katie's face. She put on a bit of a smile and tried not to let Akane see it
by looking away from her. "… She does…? Hehehe…"
Akane smiled at Katie's reaction. "It's only been a couple of days, Senpai. Is it that bad?"
Katie stopped and looked at her. "Eh?"
Akane's expression was downright smarmy. A smirk and half-lidded stare that looked like it
belonged on Nabiki's face instead of hers. "… The thirst."
Katie's green eyes flew wide at Akane's mischievous teasing. "… Uhhh… you noticed…?"
Bringing her hands behind her back, Akane sauntered ahead of Katie to the patio door of the
dojo. "You're not the first person to get all messed up around Kasumi. She has that effect on
people."
Katie relaxed. "Heh… I'm glad you don't think it's weird…"
"Why would I think it's weird?" Akane asked. "Girls falling for her never bothered me." She
smiled. "And like I said… she seems pretty into you, too, so I'm cheering you on!"
While Katie welcomed the encouragement, something twigged in her that maybe Akane had
an ulterior motive.
Well now, what's your game, Akaneko…?
That thought vacated her skull and was replaced with sugary, spicy mush as Kasumi opened
the paper screen door and greeted the two. "Welcome home, Akane-chan! And Katie-chan,
too!"
"Thanks, sis," Akane said as she greeted Kasumi with a quick hug. "Senpai's staying the
night, I'm gonna get the bath started because we got a workout in today!"
As Akane broke the hug and bounded off to the furo, Kasumi turned to Katie and looked
down then back up at her face again. In spite of what she said before, Katie suddenly felt
extremely exposed in her workout attire as Kasumi's warm smile burned into her retinas.
"It certainly looks like you did. Dinner will be ready soon, so you can go get scrubbed down
before then. I'll bring you something you can wear…" She took Katie's uniform from her. "…
After I put this in the wash, 'kay?"
"… 'Kay," Katie mumbled back, looking like a deer caught in headlights, as Kasumi led her
inside.
While she would've liked to jump into the furo and completely melt into the water until she
became a lump, Katie was fine with just scrubbing off her long day and joining Kasumi and
Akane at the sitting room table dressed in a yukata after.
Akane was already shoveling rice and meat into her mouth, barely pausing to praise Kasumi.
Dropping down into the nearest open spot at the table, Katie was handed a bowl by Kasumi
and invited to have rice, beef, miso, and vegetables spread out on the table.
"Thank you…" She said softly.
As she began to serve herself, she noticed that besides Nabiki, someone else was missing.
"Where's your dad?"
"He received a call from Dr. Tofu, and went out to see him," Kasumi replied. "It's probably
something related to the neighborhood watch; he goes out every so often to keep a lookout
for trouble."
Akane finished her current bowl. "Dinner's good as always, Kasumi."
She quickly went to fill her bowl again. "I guess tonight will be busy after what happened in
Tomobiki."
"I saw the aftermath of that," Kasumi said before looking back and forth between the girls.
"Were you two caught up in that mess?"
Both nodded, Akane more sheepishly than Katie, who flat out owned it. "I thought I was just
going to be in and out for lunch, and I guess Mendō Shūtaro decided to start a civil war? I
dunno."
"Like I said, it's Tomobiki," Akane said grimly.
Kasumi was relieved at least. "Well, I'm glad you're both safe—and let that be a lesson to you
both not to go over to that crazy place!"
Katie nodded. "You do not have to tell me twice. The only reason I'll ever go back to that part
of town is to destroy it!"
"At least we got something out of it," Akane said.
Katie agreed. "Yeah, a tank."
Kasumi looked at Katie with raised eyebrows. "… A tank?"
"I meant Ucchan coming to sell Okonomiyaki at school…?" Akane corrected.
Katie froze, then cleared her throat. "Heh, yeah… that's right…"
Kasumi regarded Katie's fluster with a soft laugh. "It sounds like you got two things out of it
that are great. What happened to the tank?"
"We left it with Kodachi," Akane replied as the air appeared to sparkle around Kasumi in
Katie's impressed eyes. "Since we have no room here in the dojo for a main battle tank."
She stopped and looked at Katie. "I'm kind of creeped out at how not weird that is to say."
Katie shrugged her shoulders. "There are so many worse things to get used to."
Kasumi readily agreed. "Yes, there is."
"Speaking of Kodachi," Akane continued, rather than press what either of them could get
used to, "She's transferring to our school. We're going to be classmates."
Kasumi was pleased to hear Akane's excitement at the prospect. She was, also, concerned
about the prospect all the same.
"I hope the third Kuno is the charm. I enjoyed having her over, but still…"
"I haven't seen the downside to her yet," Katie said brightly.
Akane paused eating and gave Katie an amused look. "… You see the upside in a lot of
people, huh, Senpai?"
Katie smiled big as she set down an empty bowl. "I like to think that I'm a good judge of
character, even if I may be affected by good first impressions."
Giggling, Kasumi took it upon herself to refill it. "Well! I think you'll all have a splendid year
together. And do invite Kodachi-chan over when you can, she was so gracious."
And the compensation she left was enough for her to get the Neptunian Wok she cooked
dinner with this evening among all the other nice items from her shopping trip.
Taking her refilled bowl of rice and meat, Katie tore into it. "No problem…!"
Akane set her bowl down, finally feeling sated. "I'll see if we can get Ucchan to come over,
too. He seemed super nice."
As Katie agreed with a nod, Kasumi tried to not get overly excited at Akane saying nice
things about a boy. "It's just been a wonderful week, hasn't it, Akane-chan?"
Akane nodded in agreement, as she set her chopsticks down. "All things considered; it has."
"And we got the next three days off from it," Katie said, "I love Golden Week."
The patio door opened, signaling Nabiki's arrival at home. Seeing Katie sitting at the table
wearing a yukata gave her pause for a moment, and she stared at their guest.
Katie looked up, lit up, and set her bowl down to wave. "Hey, Nabiki."
"Welcome home, Nabiki-chan," Kasumi said before gesturing to an open spot. "If you're
hungry, sit down! There's still plenty left to go around."
"Hey, sis," Akane greeted just as warmly.
Nabiki smirked a bit and sauntered over. "Aren't you all in a festive mood?"
Kasumi was practically vibrating with excitement as she sat down. She quickly grabbed a
bowl and began serving her. "I was able to buy a new wok and so many good ingredients
with the money Kodachi gave us, I had so much fun cooking with them this evening."
"Cool," Nabiki chimed back as she took her bowl. After her first bite, she agreed it was a
worthwhile investment.
"Definitely cool, right?" Katie asked. When Nabiki nodded assent, she returned it slower.
"Yessir."
After savoring a few bites, Nabiki delivered the good news. "There'll be more where this
came from, as long as Kodachi keeps me on as a consultant."
Kasumi gasped, as her sister and classmate raised eyebrows. "Consultant?"
Nabiki nodded, pausing for a moment to chew. "Yeah, she's got plans for the school and
wants to keep me close to bounce ideas off. She's certainly paying me more than anything her
brother did."
Akane leaned closer, arched eyebrow lifting higher. "What did he pay you for?"
"Stuff," Nabiki quickly said, "Really dumb stuff, man was a sheep and easily fleeced." She
looked to the side, with a smirk. "And terminally cheap, too."
"Well, shoot. Get us those good, good uniforms then, hon," Katie insisted. "And see if you
can do something about the girls' locker room showers. Those suckers don't work."
Kasumi gasped. "They still don't work? They were always out of service when I went to high
school."
Akane nodded. "It's annoying, I have to always take it easy during gym class so I'm not
sweaty for the rest of the day."
Nabiki agreed. "I'll pass it along… and I'll hook you up with access to the pool showers if
you like until then."
Akane furrowed her brow. "Aren't those off limits except to swim classes?"
"That's why I said I'll hook you up." Nabiki tapped the side of her nose. "I am pretty well
connected, you know. Or do you like being grimy all day because Okamada refuses to fix
shit?"
For Akane that was a no-brainer. "I'll take the shower, please."
Kasumi clapped her hands together. She was just so excited. "Now I can't wait to see what
Kodachi does with the school. I'm so envious!"
Akane lounged back on her hands. "Between Kodachi taking over and Tomobiki getting a
riot out of its system, I hope things will be quiet for a little while around here."
Katie looked at her, worried about Akane's habit of asking for something to go wrong. Nabiki
noticed the worried look and wagged a hand in assurance. "Usually after a riot, the whole
town cools down for a bit as people try to clean up. So, we're guaranteed at least a week of
peace and quiet."
Several blocks away from the Tendo Dojo, at that moment, Soun and Dr. Tofu reached the
street corner where residents nearby reported a racket to the latter. The two men, volunteering
their time as members of Furinkan's neighborhood watch, were part of why the neighborhood
was relatively safe at night—compared to the likes of Butsumetsu and Tomobiki in the
Special Administration District.
In the dark with their dark-colored attire, the men moved like shadows, hoping to get the
jump on the miscreants making a racket—Dr. Tofu taking the lead while Soun was just a
footstep behind. "Tendo-san, the caller said that the fighting was around here."
Soun nodded. His face, a stoic mask reflecting the gravity of the situation, hid his tremendous
fear for what lay in the dark awaiting them. "It is the duty of a martial artist, especially a
master, to lend his strength to his community."
Dr. Tofu glanced back. "Hopefully, that strength will not be robbed by another stomach
cramp."
"Right, of course," Soun said quickly.
Turning back to face the street corner, Dr. Tofu crept towards the end of the brick building
they'd taken cover behind. It was quiet, too quiet. "Be on your guard, whatever is responsible
for the noise could still be there."
Soun nodded, even as he felt the beginnings of a stomach cramp coming on.
"Ready?" Dr. Tofu asked, Soun was not, but nodded anyway. "Let's go."
On his cue, the two leaped out around the corner, and stopped in shock. They did not find the
culprits behind the noise complaint, but they certainly found proof of their racket. Dr. Tofu
brought a hand to his mouth in distress.
"Oh dear…"
Sitting on the edge of the street where it had been set down, Ucchan's Okonomiyaki Cart lay
shattered, with its wheels broken, the cooking surface bent, and ingredients sprayed and
splattered all around it.
Ucchan himself lay at the foot of the cart, face down on the ground covered in bruises, his
white shirt torn and bloodied in places.
Sitting against the wall on the other side of the cart was Ryūnosuke, likewise heavily beaten
and slumped to one side barely conscious, groaning.
Chapter End Notes
Fear of the dark
Fear of the dark
I have a constant fear that something's always near
Fear of the dark
Fear of the dark
I have a phobia that someone's always there
Chapter 20: New Day Nerima
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The rising sun promised another beautiful day in the Special Administration District—if not
for the ominous shadow that a very large object rising with it cast over the former ward of
Tokyo. The shadow, stretched as it was by the morning sun's rays, slipped over the Special
Administration District as the object that made it headed towards its destination.
It was a small but palatial mansion in the Furinkan neighborhood bordered by a high wall that
featured a massive swamp-like feature in its back yard.
Inside this mansion, the morning of its mistress was beginning.
"Kodachi-sama, good morning," a much humbler Sarugakure Sasuke greeted Kodachi as she
awoke in her large, black-decorated four-post bed. "I hope you rested well?"
"Mm," Kodachi barely replied as she sat up and stretched, paying him no real attention.
Sasuke, who was walking on crutches after the beating he was served, hobbled after her as
she got out of bed. "A bath has been drawn and it has been kept hot, a deer has been set out
for Mr. Green Turtle, and breakfast is being prepared as we speak."
"Mm," Kodachi repeated. "What is the status of my transfer?"
Sasuke nodded and averted his eyes from his lady as she made her way from her bed to the
bath. "As you requested, I sent your notice of transfer and the final payment to the school.
You are no longer a student of St. Hebereke and now a student of Furinkan."
Kodachi's bathtub was more of a massive pool, a recreation of a natural onsen connected to
her room through a pair of glass doors. Crossing the threshold, she walked straight to the
stone edge and stepped in, sinking down to her shoulders and allowing her unbound hair to
float around her. As the hot waters began to soak into her, she leaned back against the edge of
the onsen and stared at the clouds of water vapor floating above.
"… There is no going back, now." A smile graced her lips, and she let out a slight giggle as
she recalled the talk that she had with Nabiki yesterday.
"So, knowing that I'm not endangering my payment for the day… I have a question to ask,"
Nabiki said as she and Kodachi walked from Furinkan towards the Tendo Dojo the evening
before.
Kodachi turned her head to look at Nabiki. She had an idea of what that question was. "Go
ahead, Tendo-san."
"What's your endgame, here?"
"Hm?"
"I don't buy you being charitable to the underclasses, or that you want to make right what
your family did wrong. What exactly are you up to with the school? With us?"
Kodachi looked ahead. "I'm seeking to find that myself, really. Right now, all I have is an old,
run-down school with students that half of which are effectively dead men walking with no
ambition or hope." She broke into a big grin, closing her eyes as she did. "My very own blank
slate to form as I wish!"
"Tabula rasa, huh?" Nabiki asked.
"And I know what I want to do with it. I do not want this school to be better than the likes of
Butsumetsu and Tomobiki. I want it to be better than my own St. Hebereke and Kolkhoz
International Academy in Taian. My vision is to create a school that everyone going, even the
lost souls who shamble around in ruin, can go with pride and looked upon with it."
Nabiki met that declaration with raised eyebrows. "I can dig it, it, but it'll take a lot more
than putting lipstick on a pig. If you have no idea how we're going to get there, there's no
point in doing anything more than paying for the students to transfer and bulldozing it."
Kodachi nodded. "You are right, all I have is a beginning and an end. The blank slate and the
end goal… but I also have you."
The middle Tendo sister didn't know how to take that. "… Me?"
"I have the will and the resources, but I am also a stranger. I have not the faintest clue what
the school and its students need, so I cannot do it alone," Kodachi confessed. "I need all the
help I can get, most of all from someone who is as knowledgeable about the ins and outs of
the school as you are."
She gave Nabiki a meaningful look, one different from her usual half-mad and smug
expressions she cataloged to this point. "Therefore, I wish to put myself in your care, Senpai."
Nabiki's eyes widened, before she turned her head away and closed them in contemplation.
She hummed. "Well, a good place to start by improving things is changing the attitude around
here, that we're a bunch of delinquents who aren't going to get anywhere in life. Not even the
teachers working here believe we'll be any better than the bums at Tomobiki, or Butsumetsu."
Kodachi smiled. "Then, we will start by finding faculty who believe in them!"
"And getting rid of those who don't," Nabiki added.
"I'll start screening them tomorrow," Kodachi was brimming with excitement at the prospect.
As Kodachi arrived in the long, window-lit dining hall of her estate, she found a foreign
breakfast prepared by Sasuke waiting for her. He stood proudly beside her chair, the little
ninja's head held high while she took her seat at the table and began to serve herself.
"Today's breakfast is an extremely nutritious dish from North Africa, Kodachi-sama. It's
called shakshuka, and consists of tomatoes, peppers, onions, spices, and several eggs poached
on top to provide protein," he said.
More awake, Kodachi was happy to address him. "Thank you, Sasuke."
And it was delicious, spicier than she expected her breakfast to be as well, but it was a
welcome kick. This was a fine start to her morning, she decided… before the house began to
shake and droning filled the air.
"… Hmm? Sasuke, what is that noise?" Kodachi asked. In the Special Administration
District, even Earth's guests had noise ordinances to take into consideration. As the droning
grew, however, she recognized it. "… Octopus Six…"
Sasuke went to the window nearest Kodachi and confirmed her suspicions. "… You're right,
it's a Mendō-family airship. It's deploying a helicopter, too."
Kodachi frowned. "… So early?"
Sasuke watched the helicopter, a tandem rotor transport painted silver and bearing the
insignia of the Mendō family, descend towards the courtyard of the Kuno estate. "The
helicopter is coming in for landing. Shall I go meet them?"
"Hm, do as you will, but I am not coming out until I finish breakfast and they are not coming
in."
Kodachi wanted to make a scene, and one of the best ways to do that was to make
unannounced guests wait as reprimand for their impertinence.
And so, twenty minutes later, Kuno Kodachi emerged from her home not to a din of
thermonuclear engines or helicopter rotor blades, but to the gentle hum of quantum levitation
generators working to keep the broad-winged green craft overhead and not crashing to the
ground under millions of kilograms of metal.
The warm morning breeze caught her hair and blew it off to her right as she walked from the
steps and to the parked helicopter in her courtyard, where her guest awaited with a dramatic
glare.
Kodachi met the glare with a dispassionate look.
"If you want a prompt meeting, please remember to call ahead. Good morning, Mendō
Ryōko."
Ryōko grimaced as she beheld the sight of Kodachi not in the elegant and delicately styled
uniform of St. Hebereke like her own she wore at the moment, but the frumpy and awfully
unfashionable dirndl of Furinkan High School. It was a wretched sight, and an even more
wretched confirmation.
"Kodachi-dono," she said as she held aloft something wrapped in a cloth towel. "What is the
meaning… of this?!"
One of Ryōko's kuroko took the wrapped item and rushed it over to Kodachi. Setting it down
in front of her, the kuroko unwrapped it to reveal a sake dish. White, with a blue lace pattern
along the rim, it had been broken into three large pieces with smaller porcelain splinters.
Kodachi looked down upon it, then back at Ryōko. "I am only making official what has been
assumed for a year."
With that, she raised her foot and stomped on the already broken dish, shattering it further.
"There are no equals among us, and I am no longer interested in entertaining the illusion."
No longer glaring, Ryōko appeared stunned by Kodachi's declaration. "… But… what of St.
Hebereke? What of everything that we had in those days? Are you truly going to leave it all
behind for your… your brother's school?"
"Without hesitation," Kodachi snapped back. "For while the Garden of Eden may be a
paradise filled with splendor, those willing to leave it to face the cruel world beyond its walls
shall find glory!"
Her words fully struck Ryōko, who swooned. "So, it is true then, you seek to ascend. Our
years of peace and sisterhood cast aside for the fire that burns within you."
Kodachi cackled. "OHOHOHOHOHO! Do you sincerely believe in that rubbish, Ryōko-
dono? Or are you playing the melodramatic younger sister for me like your fool of a
brother?!"
Ryōko froze where she stood, then slowly turned to face Kodachi fully, her dramatic dismay
replaced by her beatific, utterly empty smile.
"You caught me."
Kodachi looked up at her airship, then back at the second Mendō child. "I sent you the dish
for a reason, Mendō Ryōko! You shall make sure it is known that the pact is broken as it
should've truly been."
Ryōko's smile grew. "Of course, Kodachi-dono, I will let her know that you are coming for
her throat… and I will guard mine as well, fufu…"
Kodachi returned the smile, but where Ryōko's was empty, hers overflowed with venom.
"Very good, now get out of my sight before I tire of you being within it."
The kuroko rewrapped and picked up the broken sake cup, before scurrying back to Ryōko as
she turned and boarded her helicopter. The rotors began to spin up, Kodachi taking it as her
cue to return to her house before the wash blew her over. Inside, she found Sasuke pale as a
sheet, trembling just beyond the threshold.
"K-K-Kodachi-sama…!" He squeaked. "D-d-d-d-did you just b-b-b-break the p-p-p-p-pact?!"
"What of it?" Kodachi asked. "You say it like it wasn't inevitable."
Sasuke all but screamed. "My Lady! It's one thing to resume your childhood quarrels! But
you've just declared a blood feud with the daughters of the Mendō, the Mizunokoji, AND the
Sa–!"
The tiny ninja stopped when a long green ribbon abruptly snapped around his head, covering
his mouth and silencing him. Pulling the ribbon's baton towards her chest to make it taut,
Kodachi glared at Sasuke darkly.
"The only daughter you should concern yourself with, is she of the Kuno Clan," she hissed at
him. "The die has long been cast, and with my brother's absence I have no recourse but to act.
It is only a matter of time before the White Lily moves to assert herself, so I have decided the
moment she will."
"Mph! Mmm!" Sasuke pleaded, and Kodachi loosened the ribbon to let him speak. "But
there's still the matter of the Mendō and Mizunokoji! Why are you picking a fight with
them?!"
Kodachi's glare softened, then disappeared for an amused smirk. "Because my ambitions
know no limit, Sarugakure Sasuke. I will not indulge in half-measures."
As the helicopter and its immense mothership departed, Kodachi unwound Sasuke
completely and went to the door to watch the craft depart through the window. "And of those
two, I have nothing to fear from either."
@@@@@
"So what are your plans for Golden Week?" Nabiki asked at the breakfast table where the
Tendo sisters and Katie all convened for a special edition of their morning ritual. As if they
had not stuffed themselves to the gills the night before, Katie and Akane were scything
through Kasumi's prepared breakfast to the eldest sister's satisfaction, while she and Nabiki
ate at more reasonable quantities and rates.
Akane looked up from her rice. "Honestly, I'm surprised that we're still observing it."
Katie shrugged her shoulders. "I ain't gonna look a gift horse in the mouth. Though speakin'
of livestock, maybe we oughta go rounding up the guys. They're starting to get into places."
Making a face, Akane shook her head. "Ew, no."
Kasumi nodded. "I saw that the boys are still… hmm… broken; some have wandered out as
far as Taian. They don't really do anything, they're just… there."
Akane huffed. "I stand by it. If they're going to have this meltdown, then they deserve it."
Nabiki finished her food. "You know, there are some boys at school who aren't zombies."
Katie looked at her. "You're pulling my leg; some decent guys?"
"I noticed them yesterday while taking Kodachi around the school. Most of them are first
years who thought better of going after a popular girl, but there are a few second years and
even a third year who just didn't take part in Kuno's crap, so don't be surprised if you see a
boy carrying on like a normal student."
Akane nodded. "Good, but if any of them ask me out, they're getting an emphatic no."
"Of course," Nabiki and Katie both said, knowing how much she had no interest in boys.
They side-eyed each other and spoke again. "Jinx."
Nabiki continued. "But actually… rounding up the boys isn't a bad idea. If I can borrow you
two for the morning to help bring as many as you can to the gymnasium, Kodachi will make
it worth your while."
Katie was interested. "Oh? Why does she need all the boys rounded up?"
Nabiki chuckled. "That is a surprise. For whom, I am not at will to divulge, but let's just say
that when we get back to class Friday… classes are going to be interesting."
Looking at Katie, Akane giggled. "Well, Senpai, up for making some Golden Week spending
money?"
"As I'll ever be, hon," Katie replied.
Kasumi smiled, happy to see the two get along, before breakfast was interrupted by Katie's
phone ringing.
"Who's calling this early?" She pulled her phone out and looked at it. "It's Kaori?"
As the Tendo sister watched, she started the call. "Hey, Kaori, what's up…?"
Her eyes widened in shock, then she got angry. "… What the hell?! We'll be right over!"
She stood up as she ended the call. "Akaneko, Nabiki, we gotta go."
"What?" Her kouhai asked as she stood.
"Something big?" Nabiki asked as she got up too.
Katie nodded and headed for the door. "Ucchan got robbed last night. Kaori said they're over
at Dr. Tofu's."
Akane gasped. "What?!"
It took minutes for Katie, Akane, and Nabiki to arrive at Dr. Tofu's clinic. Just outside it, the
doctor himself stood with a well-bandaged and surly looking Ucchan, a brooding Ryūnosuke,
and an anxious Kaori who waved them over as soon as she saw them coming.
The remains of Ucchan's completely destroyed cart were standing next to the front door of
Tofu's clinic, Ucchan glaring at them bitterly.
Dr. Tofu nodded in greeting to the new arrivals. "Izland-san, Akane-kun, Nabiki-kun."
"Hey doc," Katie greeted before she addressed the victims. "Son of a bitch; Ucchan,
Ryūnosuke, you two all right?"
"He's fine, we're fine," Ryūnosuke snapped back.
Nabiki looked at the bandages covering the two. "You sure? They look like they did a number
on you."
Ryūnosuke folded her arms. "I've been through worse."
Ucchan didn't respond to Nabiki, he just stared at his demolished livelihood. "I told you not
to call them, Kaori."
Kaori was not having it. "Well, too bad, this is serious! You guys got ragdolled by a bunch of
creeps and these two are the strongest people in this town I know."
"What kind of creeps are we talking about," Nabiki asked, "Butsumetsu?"
Kaori shook her head. "It couldn't have been Butsumetsu. Sōban doesn't let anyone in his
gang go out at night, and he's pummeled any who tried."
"Okay, if it wasn't them," Akane cut in, "Who did this?"
At their questions, Ryūnosuke grimaced and looked away, and Akane lifted her eyebrows in
confusion. "… What?"
"… I… I didn't see them," Ryūnosuke said. "They got the jump on us, and I was out before I
even saw who they were."
Katie and Akane looked at one another, then at Nabiki, who shared their serious expression.
Katie turned to Ucchan. "… Did you see?"
Ucchan again did not look from his wrecked cart. "They…"
He closed his eyes and clenched his fist. "… They came at us without warning. There were a
lot of them, maybe two dozen. They all wore black and masks too. They had chains, and
clubs, and cricket bats… and they weren't pushovers."
Akane joined Ucchan's side. "Is that all?"
Ucchan finally did look, not at Akane but at Ryūnosuke, who met her gaze with the same
hardened expression. When she gave a slight shake of her head, Ucchan turned from her back
to Akane. "Yeah. It's not much to go by, but… that's all I saw."
Katie lifted an eyebrow, and glanced Nabiki's way. Indeed, she was rolling her eyes.
"You said you were saving that money for your brick and mortar," Akane said, "I'm sorry that
you lost it."
"It's not about the money," Ucchan said. "I can always make more of that."
He clenched his fist harder. "I promised myself I'd never get robbed again, and I had a good
freakin' run of it until last night. Now… now I'm so angry I could…!"
Akane placed a hand on Ucchan's shoulder. "Then let us help you."
Ucchan looked at her, then shook his head. "Don't get involved in this mess, sugar. Don't any
of you get involved. It's my situation and I'm gonna resolve it."
"We are gonna resolve it!" Ryūnosuke corrected. "They came after the two of us, and the two
of us are going to get 'em back!"
Akane looked back and forth between them. "Then let us help! We're martial artists, too!"
Kaori agreed with Akane. "She's right, you two. If we let those sickos get away with robbing
people at night, then who knows how bold they might get. We gotta find them and pummel
them into the pavement."
Ryūnosuke turned to Kaori. "Listen here, delivery girl! We're gonna handle it, okay?!"
"My butt's on the line here, too! If business dries up around here because of thieves, I'm
gonna have to go work in Japan again. Have you been out there recently? It somehow got
worse in the last four months!"
Akane looked at her. "What, really?"
Kaori dropped her shoulders and groaned. "Ugh, it was terrible, but that's neither here nor
there."
Nabiki looked at Katie again. "You sure you wanna get wrapped up in this? It might get
stupid."
"I'm already living here, hon," Katie pointed out.
Nabiki closed her eyes and conceded with a shrug of her shoulders. "I'm glad I'm a pacifist."
Dr Tofu spoke up. "Ucchan, Ryūnosuke-kun, please reconsider going after them with just the
two of you. Akane-kun and Izland-san are both tremendously talented and skilled. For
miscreants as violent as they are, you're going to need all the help you can get."
Ryūnosuke snapped at all of them. "I said we don't need any help, and I definitely don't want
any of yours!"
"Excuse me?!" Akane and Kaori said in unison.
Katie tilted her head to the right slightly. "What the hell? Look, you may not want our help or
whatever, but we have as much interest in dealing with whoever these guys are as you do. So
whether or not you want our help, we're dealing with them!"
Ucchan growled and turned away, his long ponytail flicking behind him. "Then I'm just
gonna find 'em and beat 'em down before you can get your hands on 'em!"
With that he took off, first running down the street before jumping onto the roof of a car, and
from there up the side of a building leaping from window ledge to window ledge before he
vaulted up over onto the roof.
Kaori called after him. "Fine, be that way you damn hard-headed idiot!"
Dr. Tofu watched him go, grimacing. "He's going to rip those stitches…"
Katie looked from the direction Ucchan went, to Ryūnosuke. "What about you, gonna not be
a stubborn git about an L and let us help?"
Looking absolutely hurt, and more than a little anxious behind her tough façade, Ryūnosuke
spat on the ground. "Do whatever you want, except get in my way."
With that she stormed off, headed back for Tomobiki.
Akane turned to her, Nabiki, and Kaori. "… The heck is wrong with them?!"
Dr. Tofu sighed. "They were just as obstinate about the details of the fight when I was
treating them, too. It made going to look for their attackers difficult."
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. "They got beat up and they wanna get them back before
anyone else does. When pride is on the line, martial artists can be the stupidest people."
Akane recoiled, like that dig had been aimed at her. "I'm not that bad!"
Deciding she wasn't going to ruin Akane's morning out of the goodness of her big sister's
heart by correcting her, Nabiki started walking. "That's because you haven't found something
to be a stubborn idiot for, yet."
Akane stamped her foot once and shouted as she marched after her. "I wouldn't be a stubborn
idiot over anything!"
Katie sighed and looked at Kaori. "Gimme a call when you wanna go look for these bums, eh
girl?"
Kaori nodded. "I'm gonna crash at your place until then, so I'm not wiped when we go do this
thing. What about you, it's Golden Week… why the uniforms?"
"We got school stuff, don't mind us," Katie said. "And when you get back there, tell the bae
to go to bed if she's still gaming."
"If she's still up, we're going halfsies on a brownie and I'm not waking up until it's dark again.
Seeya."
With a final grumble about Ucchan's stupidity, Kaori took off, vacating even faster than he
did.
Dr. Tofu turned to Katie. "This is a lot to ask, but it is as Kaori said: You and Akane are the
strongest in the neighborhood. So, I thank you for volunteering to help deal with this
problem."
Katie nodded. "Ain't no thing, doc. That said, was there anything you could figure out about
these guys? How they fought, maybe somethin' Ucchan or Ryu let slip?"
Dr. Tofu reached up and adjusted his glasses, impressed by the question. "Now that you
mention it, there were a few things, but it's not much. From their injuries, their attackers
strictly used weapons, mostly blunt force implements, but both have shallow, straight cuts
from a bladed weapon. From the angle of the attacks and how they would've moved to evade
the cuts, I can only surmise it was a slashing weapon like a short sword or maybe even a
sickle."
Katie nodded, impressed with the doctor's attention to detail in turn. "Anything else?"
"When Ucchan was describing their attackers, he left out something he said to me last night:
the black they were wearing looked like leather."
Katie rubbed her cheek. "So… a bunch of guys dressed in black leather waving around
weapons? That's not something that goes unnoticed around here."
Dr. Tofu shook his head. "No, it is not. Unfortunately, this is the first time anyone's seen
anything like that around here. I hope you can figure out more—and take care of yourself
while you're out there."
He reached into the pocket of his dark blue attire and pulled out a phone. "Just in case, let's
exchange numbers, in case you need backup."
Katie pulled out her phone and tapped it to his, immediately exchanging contact information.
"Good idea. I'll see you around, doc."
With a smile, Dr. Tofu bowed in farewell. "I certainly hope not."
Pausing at the odd reply, it quickly clicked. "Ahhh… doctors have a sick sense of humor,
huh?!"
His smile grew. "Laughter is the best medicine."
"I prefer apples for avoiding doctor visits, so don't get mad if I ever whip one at you," Katie
said as she walked away, before calling out to Nabiki and Akane. "Hey, Akaneko, Nabikiko,
wait up!"
"Don't call me that," Nabiki snapped back.
"Be nice or I'll throw an apple at you, too," Katie teased.
"… What?" Responded a contextless Nabiki.
Dr. Tofu let out a sigh and stretched. He spent the whole night tending to the two, and he'd
forgotten to get some rest himself. As he went inside the clinic, he hoped to get some and be
ready, too.
It'd be nice to work with someone a little less prone to stomach cramps for once.
Up the street, Katie folded her hands behind her head. "All right girls… I got a lead."
"Already?" Akane asked.
Katie nodded and looked over at Nabiki. "What Kaori said caught my attention. Why does
Sōban care so much about no one going out at night?"
Nabiki nodded. "I'd say because the idiot's scared of the dark, but he's no Mendō Shūtaro,
gonna shake him down?"
Akane lit up. "Oh, so this is a mystery, now?"
"It sure is, my dear Watson," Katie replied.
Chapter End Notes
Mystery time!
Chapter 21: She's on the Hunt
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Okamada Kamoyo had hoped for many things: that Kodachi would be distracted by some
other diversion and chase it, or she would poison herself accidentally and fall so gravely ill
that she'd miss class, that Tatewaki would miraculously return to class whole and intact, that
even the school would explode and crumble into rubble.
None of these hopes came to pass, and so the much put-upon Vice Principal felt his blood
pressure rise in slow motion as he sat across from Kodachi in his office with his desk
between them.
She had gotten there before him and was sitting in his chair.
"I was unaware that you would want to get started today, Kodachi-san," he said at his normal
slow, dead calm despite his building anxiety.
Kodachi sat with one leg folded over the other, looking sinister despite her new uniform's
lack of grace. "Getting started as soon as possible is imperative. There is much work to be
done, Vice Principal, and you will be aiding me."
Okamada swallowed, dreading where Kodachi's pique would take him. "And what would I be
aiding you in?"
"Screening the school's teachers to determine their proficiency in educating, socializing with,
and disciplining the students."
Okamada stared at Kodachi, almost uncomprehending. He did not expect to hear that from
the start. "I beg your pardon?"
Kodachi was happy to elaborate. "It has been brought to my attention that many of this
school's struggles with delinquent behavior and low grades stem from—among other factors
—a lack of morale and professionalism among the school faculty."
She gestured forward to him. "You said it yourself, 'This school itself bears more than anyone
its share of responsibility.'"
The Vice Principal visibly flinched as the dainty reminder struck home, before Kodachi
pressed on. "Did I not say something to the effect of this school meeting my standards now
that I am to be its Lady just yesterday, or has age gotten the better of your wits?"
They had not. Quite the contrary, the Vice Principal had hoped she'd forgotten as much as he
wanted to. "Pardon my confusion. I did not expect you would want to discuss matters with
the faculty in regard to your plans for reform—rather than the students."
Kodachi cocked her head to the right slightly. "Why would I wish to discuss reform with the
students? They have done nothing wrong."
Okamada once more studied the young woman, and she met his gaze.
"I beseech you, Vice Principal, look not upon me with such eyes, as though I'm some puzzle
in need of deciphering. My words are not so cryptic—already I have seen the students, now
the faculty must answer for their role in this school's dire condition."
She gestured with both hands to him. "As such, you will call every teacher and faculty
member to the school so that I may hold a performance review in the gymnasium at noon
today for all faculty."
Noon? Okamada saw many things wrong with that. "You are asking for a great deal in such
short notice, and on a holiday no less. The teachers will need time to prepare."
"You mean time to whitewash their failures and practice their groveling." Kodachi shook her
head. "No, it is to be held at noon today explicitly to give them no chance to prepare
themselves. There is much to answer for, and they stand to lose a great deal if their testimony
is lacking."
Okamada's thoughts hung for a moment, before he slowly ground out an answer. "… I see…"
"No, you do not see," Kodachi corrected, almost gently. "If you had any such vision, then
your hesitance would not be so obvious. Please, Vice Principal, explain to me your distress."
The middle-aged man weighed upon Kodachi's request, expression giving nothing away of
his own thoughts as usual even as his mannerisms conveyed a deep and all-consuming
anxiety beneath his professional decorum.
"It is the implication that you intend to fire teachers from this school."
"Oh?" Kodachi gestured for him to elaborate with her single word response.
"Neither your brother, nor your father sought to do anything so drastic," he pointed out.
Kodachi nodded slowly. "Yes, that is true."
She leaned forward, steepling her fingers, her violet-colored eyes darkening with contempt.
"Do you recall my description of St Hebereke?"
Okamada nodded, and she continued. "How it was a garden paradise—were it not for the
poor quality of its crop?"
She presented her open right palm to him. "This wretched school that my family has used as a
playground has the very opposite problem. Make all the excuses of bad seeds and infertile
soil you want, call it a gutted ruin, neglect it, and trample it flat… what grows here yearns to
flourish despite you, and claws for the light."
Placing her palms flat on Okamada's desk, she stood up and leaned forward to look down at
him. "It is from YOU, the faculty, that the greatness of those who enter these halls is
supposed to spring from. When your efforts produce nothing, what are you entitled to?"
It was uncanny, this girl who sat before him was a Kuno, and as mad as any other. However,
he was starting to grasp that there was something drastically different that set her delusion
apart from her brother, and indeed her father.
She had direction, intent, and—most shockingly—an awareness that others besides herself
lived in her world, and that they mattered.
Another man, who held his own ambitions and aspired for greater things than himself, would
be struck by Kuno Kodachi's altruism and empathy.
Okamada Kamoyo, however, was no such person.
He was a man whose view on society was simply to mind his own business and accept
simply that which cannot be helped.
He had seen many things in his middle age, from the Student Rebellions to dislodge the
ineffective monarchy selling Japan off to foreign devils, to the excess of the economic
miracle that resulted from the failure to do so, to the Lost Generation that created a cultural
wasteland when the miracle ended.
Through it all, as the world changed, he did not change with it.
He did what was correct, and acceptable: he minded his own business and embraced the role
of the consummate cog in the machine of Japan's society that would tear him apart without a
care otherwise.
"Forgive me for misspeaking."
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, and most importantly—dismiss that this child thought she
could change anything, but quietly.
"You are correct; this school's faculty leaves much to be desired."
"Indeed?" Kodachi's saccharine response tickled and sparked a color of pink amusement in
the air. "And should those who have failed this school and its students be allowed to keep
their jobs?"
"They will not go quietly." Okamada noted.
The sugary sweetness vacated the air with the return of Kodachi's tone to its harsh depths.
"Yet they will go, if they must."
"… As you wish." Okamada muttered, placid, serene.
"As I will," Kodachi corrected. "This is not a mere flight of fancy to be abandoned in a
contrary fit; there is far too much to do, and what transpires today is but the first step."
She posed, dramatically, hands crossed above her head. "I will make this school so great it
will shame the entire world in their galling inferiority."
Were he a man, a man who only wanted to fix what had gone wrong, Okamada Kamoyo
would have been brought to his knees.
Were he capable of caring, of believing in the better of nature and the betterment of his fellow
human beings, he would burst into tears at the conviction.
Were he anything approaching a living entity, he would be moved by this display to the point
of losing himself in a mania.
Yet all he was, all that he wanted to be, was a cog in the machine. And cogs did not have
feelings.
"Well, I wish you the best in this endeavor."
Kodachi did not care that he didn't react. "Thank you. Now carry out this task I set out for
you. I will prepare as well."
"Yes, I shall have to break the news gently to them. Many of them are long term employees
who will dislike this very much." He shuffled out of the office before she could respond, a
fitting maneuver for a coward absent of a will of his own.
She side-eyed the door to the office, then turned away as she stewed on the Vice Principal's
utterly mechanical passive-aggression.
"Is there anyone here that even pretends?" She asked herself as her thoughts turned to
recollection.
"They're truly among the non-living." Kodachi said, looking into the makeshift pen housing
most of the alleged boys who attended Furinkan. "There is no light, no life… it is as if the
concept of hope is alien to them."
"These are the consequences of stupid, stupid actions," Nabiki said, looking not with disgust
but a passive emptiness, as if looking at the wreck of a fleet of ships dashed upon the shore.
"Some of these guys never even fought her; she just hit them so hard with the truth bomb they
got caught up in the blast."
"Her words carry that much power?" Kodachi was more curious as to how she could do this.
Nabiki looked away for a moment, to gather her thoughts, before turning a bored look on
Kodachi. "It's not that big of a surprise. Not every guy is born with lots of money, or a
childhood friend who only exists to be the female lead in their slice of life manga romance.
These guys were just guys with no romantic prospects to look forward to for whatever reason.
Then along comes a super pretty girl who likes martial arts but is also really nice. Akane was
pretty much like a goddess to them."
"They held her in such regard, but then mercilessly attacked her?" Kodachi ventured.
"They had to make a call between the guy who bodied all the hooligans who ran this school,
and the pretty but tough girl who was super nice," Nabiki went on. "Beating your brother?
Impossible. But maybe Akane would play along, or maybe one would get a lucky hit in, and
she was so nice that she'd forgive them if she saw how much they actually cared about her."
"… Not even realizing that attacking her over and over made her simply hate them," Kodachi
toned.
"Yeah, they ignored the truth until it caught up with them, rubbed itself all over their face and
wouldn't let them run away anymore. There was no 'making it up to her,' and 'ensuring she's
the happiest girl in history' didn't cut it. At the very least, she's disciplined enough in her
martial arts to not kill any of them."
"How skilled is she?"
"I mean, you saw how she and Katie survived the Lunch War with a free tank as a prize."
Kodachi was baffled by the idea of it. "And this all just happened? The teachers did
nothing?"
"Beyond your brother being the mastermind, which meant they'd do nothing to begin with,
the teachers would have to give a shit to want to intervene. At best, they'd shake a fist and
yell, but there'd be no detentions or anything that'd be worth mentioning."
Nabiki shook her head. "The teachers here all hate us, and we hate them back."
Kodachi, used to the caring and attentive teachers—who enjoyed salaries the envy of the
entire educational community—seemed lost at the idea. "But..."
Nabiki looked around and asked a sharp question. "If you didn't know the truth, would you
ever guess your family had invested anything into this place?"
"Sadly, yes."
Her recollection fading, Kodachi looked out the window of Okamada's office. Being on the
third floor, it provided an ample view of the Nerima Skyline, and the rest of Tokyo beyond
the walls that stripped them of their nationality.
"Nay. Not the teachers, not our former countrymen… not even the world."
She shook her head.
"It is truly wretched."
A knock on the door drew her attention and she turned to it. "Yes, come in."
Nabiki entered. "You asked for me and the check cleared. What's on the menu today?"
Kodachi gave a toothy, smart grin. "Most excellent, there is much to do."
@@@@@
Had it not been for the incident with Tomobiki, this walk wouldn't have been so long or
treacherous. The former because Katie and Akane could have cut straight through the
neighborhood that school stood in, and the latter because walking in the shadows of ivory
towers would always bring mixed feelings. Butsumetsu was a neighborhood both very
downtrodden and yet nice to look at.
Modern western designed office buildings and businesses clashed with humble houses
straight out of the early days of the postwar reconstruction. But even more anachronistic was
the streams of boys marching about in perfect gang formations, many looking like they were
born in a gakuran and would be buried in it.
Akane looked pensive, just because recent history suggested there were shoes waiting to
drop. "Ugh… this is going to go badly, I just know it."
"It'll be fine, don't worry." Katie was in better spirits, mainly because they didn't have to
behave in the hopes of patronizing this area. "Cheer up, Akaneko, at least we're in a part of
town where we're expected to cause a ruckus."
Giving her a sidelong look, Akane huffed. "You hope a fight breaks out, huh?"
"Around here, kicking ass is a currency and brother, we're two of them there Fortune 500
businesswomen in every way, shape, and form."
A small smile played Akane's lips and she nodded. The punks ignored them until they got
closer to Butsumetsu High, passing its affiliated middle school on the way.
Murmurs started and more than a few guys looked their way, but none were looking for a
fight. In fact, they all seemed... shy almost, as if they'd not seen a woman who wasn't related
to them or a teacher in their lives before. Sad.
Just down the street from the foreboding, barbed wire topped wall of the high school, the pair
entered an empty lot beaten down upon by the sun except for the shade provided by the
gutted remains of a three-story building at the back of it.
Hanging around were the core of the Butsumetsu Gang—tough delinquents ranging from first
year of high school to a little past third, smoking cigarettes, playing with misappropriated
handheld games and phones, or just lazing about in general because there was nothing better
to do on a warm spring day.
Like all the other boys in the run-down neighborhood, the appearance of two young women
in the lot caught attention and many eyes fell upon Katie and Akane—but this time, there was
stillness.
Not a single movement, just a reverberating tension that filled the air but was far from
hostile.
That changed when one adventurous punk hanging out at the edge of the lot's shade, his
greasy slicked back black hair shining in the sun, stepped up. "Oi, oi! What are you two
thinkin', just walking up in here like it's some amusement park, eh?"
Akane rolled her eyes and prepared to snark back at him for his impudence but jumped back
when a fat paw-like hand emerged from the shadows and clamped down hard on the shoulder
of the boy.
"Hey, Slick, show a little respect to ladies," Sōban warned slowly in his deep, rough voice.
Katie looked up into the shadows at the hideously ugly, extremely large sunglasses-wearing
man, and wondered silently to herself.
Shit… is he an alien?
A shorter boy, with a curly perm hairdo, stepped out of the shadow of the large young man's
left arm, making an admonishing sound while shaking his head. "Yeah, we don't go accosting
young women, especially these two."
Slick squirmed under Sōban's grip. "All right, all right, I'm sorry, boss!"
Curly patted Sōban on the arm. "He's not gonna make any trouble, you can let go Boss."
Sōban let go and withdrew his hand into the shadows, before he gestured for two more boys
to come over. "Sorry about that."
Slick flinched and not from the lingering pain of being gripped by his Boss. "No, I shoulda
been polite."
He bowed to the girls. "Y-yeah, sorry, ladies, y-you have a nice day."
"Go wash your face or something, ya look like shit." Curly suggested, as the boys came to
make sure Slick would be able to walk off his faux pas. "Let the Boss 'n me handle tha
guests."
Slick was helped off, looking ashamed of everything, and Curly turned to the girls. "Hey,
g'mornin', don't worry about that guy—he's new."
Akane, ever the polite one when politeness was shown, bowed. "It's okay, and good morning
to you as well."
"Yeah, howdy," Katie greeted without such formality. "I'm Katie, and this here is Tendo
Akane, we're from Furinkan and we came to ask you guys some questions."
Curly folded his arms. "What about?"
Katie looked at Curly, then at Sōban, then at Akane—who returned the look with a shrug—
before she shrugged her own shoulders and addressed the two. "Some friends of ours got
worked something fierce last night and we were just wondering if y'all knew anything about
it?"
Curly looked at his boss first. Sōban nodded, and he turned back to their guests. "We ain't
heard anything about anyone getting jumped last night." He replied before he asked his own
questions. "Where was this? Who got hit?"
"Near the border of Furinkan and Tomobiki, straight west from the school," Katie answered.
"Because they've already felt froggish and leaped on up their own asses about us helping out,
we ain't sayin' who it was outta respect."
"That definitely wasn't us," Curly answered.
Sōban agreed. "Nope, none of our guys were there."
Katie hummed. "I thought so. I heard you guys don't go out at night."
Curly confirmed that. "We sure don't."
"Why not?" Akane asked.
Sōban gave a shrug. "Dinner."
"Dinner?" Akane repeated.
"We come by the old Butsu Middle School gym for dinner, a couple lil' ol' lunch ladies there
feed us and let us crash there," Curly said, looking a little ashamed. "Ain't like a lot of us can
just go home."
Akane looked upset. "Oh..."
"Don't be sad… I look after 'em, it's what I do." Sōban said.
Curly put in a good word for his boss. "He ain't too bright but he's the best a lot of us got…
even before the walls came up."
He turned back towards where Slick had been led away. "The new guy who tried to get fresh
witcha just got thrown out by his family like a puppy that got too big. Story of our lives."
"It's bein' taken care of," Sōban said. "He'll learn."
Akane looked around among the other guys, some looking annoyed, and others even a little
sad as they were reminded of their less-than-ideal home lives. Sure, they were delinquents…
but she couldn't help but feel a little bad for them.
Katie shared her kouhai's sympathy but did not want to lose the plot. "Are there other reasons
to not go out at night?" She asked. "I ain't makin' any insinuations, just wanting to be clear.
There's plenty of reasons to not wanna be out and about after dark since this place got sad."
"True that," Sōban agreed. "Better to be in at night to see another day."
Curly likewise nodded assent. "It's always been bad around here at night, but the last couple
weeks have been pretty troublesome."
That long? Akane thought, before she spoke. "How troublesome?"
"Just punks, guys who ain't with us mind ya, bein' found pounded like mochi on New Year's
mornin'," he went on. "We've been havin' beef with some flashy peacocks runnin' they mouth
saying they're the ones responsible–"
"Heh, peaCOCK," Sōban said with a short laugh.
Curly, some of the boys, and Katie all shared a chuckle with him, before Sōban's right hand
continued. "But they're just some new punks, tryna make a name. No one's seen any of 'em
further than the combini down the road from their turf since this started, except the one time
they came out to fight us, and that was in broad daylight."
He shook his head. "Ain't no way they'd have done it, but they keep talking and people keep
turnin' up all beat ta shit."
Akane grumbled. "So… some flashy Taian idiots claiming to be the troublemakers?" She
pulled a disgusted grimace. "… Oh no, not Pick-Up Martial Artists."
"Our man here is right," Katie said of Curly. "It definitely ain't them, but they may know a
thing or two otherwise. We'll pay them a visit next, the guys that got jumped, too." She
addressed him directly. "You wouldn't happen to know where we can find the guys who got
slapped around, do ya?"
Curly nodded. "I got some names, I can write 'em down real quick."
"Much obliged." She looked up at Sōban. "Hey, King Caesar."
Sōban let out a brief chuckle at that. "Yeah?"
"You've been around the block plenty 'nuff, right?" She asked.
Sōban nodded. "Yeah."
"Ever hear anything about guys in black leather going around, startin' shit?"
Sōban went still where he sat and stared off into the distance. Katie tilted her head to one
side, shared another look with Akane, before turning to Curly and his boss. A low growl
rumbled from Sōban's throat, before he reached up and lightly scratched the side of his head;
he'd been thinking hard.
"Nah."
All for naught.
Curly, scratching down some names in a little notebook he'd produced from his pocket,
looked up and shook his head. "I've never heard of any guys in leather runnin' around. You
mean like bikers or something?"
Katie shrugged her shoulders. "The only thing else I got for you is that they had all kinds of
weapons."
"Nah," Sōban repeated. "I got nothin'."
"Well, shoot, so much for that," she lamented. "Hey, but still, we are so much obliged for
your cooperation."
"No problem," Sōban replied. "You're good eggs."
Akane was relieved. "I'm surprised we didn't have to fight for this, actually."
"Honestly, me too," Katie agreed.
"We're pretty dumb, but still smart enough to know some battles ain't worth fightin'," Curly
assured. "We saw you two in action a while back, after all."
Akane looked confused.
"Ah, and there it is," Katie said, "You've seen us go off."
"Yeah, when you smashed the Shining Killers," Sōban admitted.
Katie turned to her kouhai. "Told ya it wasn't just the drones peepin'."
Akane could now better understand the tension around here when they showed up. That a
band of tough guys like this thought better of messing with her and Katie felt… nice.
"We don't want beef," Sōban went on. "So, I wanna make a deal."
Katie and Akane were both intrigued by this offer.
"What is it?" The latter asked.
Curly was just as surprised to hear the boss offer a deal. "What deal, boss you haven't said
anything about a–"
Sōban looked down at Curly, and he immediately shut up.
Satisfied, Sōban addressed the girls. "Let's be bros."
Katie tilted her head and rested her hands on her hips. "An alliance."
"Yeah," Sōban said. "You got trouble, you call us. We got trouble, we call you. Nothin'
special, just watching each other's backs."
"That's mighty neighborly of you," Katie complimented. "I can see us working together,
especially if things are about to get weird 'round here."
She extended her hand to Sōban. "Let's shake on it."
Sōban hummed in agreement, and he extended his own massive mitt to all but envelop hers
in a firm shake. "Get Curly's number, he's the one guy here who's got a phone with a plan."
"Yeah, I'll be in touch for anything, I guess," Curly was a bit iffy about his boss's decision,
but he wasn't gonna question it.
Katie chuckled. "Yeah, and the best part is you get a girl's number."
More laughter spread among the rest of the gang, and Curly's face flushed as he held out his
phone to share contact info with Katie.
With numbers exchanged, the two left the den of the Butsumetsu Gang. Once more they
received a wide berth on their way out—but word spread fast among the rest of the
disenfranchised students, as instead of wary looks or leers, Katie and Akane were recipients
of respectful nods and quick salutes on their way.
"I'm so glad that it went better than I thought it would," Akane admitted.
"That's because you can't get by on these streets with strength by itself. Sometimes it's better
to know when to fight than how to fight, and those guys got that down to a science," Katie
said, before she shook her head. "Shame it won't be that easy every time, huh?"
"Ugh, yes…" Akane's shoulders fell. "Especially with those Taian idiots."
Katie had heard of the Host Club Martial Artists, and even tangled with a few in her
exploration of post SAD Taian when she first came to live in Nerima.
They were nothing to write home about, just jumped-up dojo dorks impressing people with
their kicks so high.
She did not like them, that was no lie.
"Fighting scrubs is never fun," Katie agreed.
"It's not just that," Akane said. "A lot of the hosts are former students of my Dad's."
Katie paused. "… Hold on, they're what?"
Akane closed her eyes and sighed. "A lot of the stuff hosts run around doing is based off the
Tendo School of Indiscriminate Grappling, because my Dad used to be their teacher before
my Mom passed away and he eventually lost the heart to train or do anything anymore."
Opening her eyes, she shook her head at Katie. "It's infuriating to see my style used by scrubs
like it's street magic to impress women. So excuse me if having to deal with these guys has
my blood already boiling, senpai."
"Nah girl, it's cool." Katie reassured her. "I don't care too much for those pretty boys, anyway.
Ain't no way no how they're gonna treat us with half the decency Sōban and his boys showed
us when we go asking around, so get ready for a fight."
Akane liked the prospect of that already. "You think so?"
"I know so. Them scummy guys are gonna be obnoxious as all hell and the only way I can
stand those types is when it's on their necks." She folded her arms across her chest and
nodded sharply with that.
Akane giggled at Katie's enthusiasm for violence. "So… what types of guys do you like?"
"Hm?" Katie shrugged her shoulders. "Just like girls, I like 'em cute."
Once more she laughed. "You are kind of like those girls in anime, you know. The big, tough
girls who actually like cute things."
Katie nodded. "Yeah! Like Sakaki in Azumanga Daioh, right?"
Akane furrowed her brow. "… I guess? That one's pretty old and I've never seen it."
Katie opened her mouth to explain when she realized the futility in it.
She looked to the side, her face coloring as her Americanism had been exposed. "… Y-yeah, I
guess it is…"
Giggling, Akane sidled over and bumped her hip to Katie's. "Still, I think it's cute."
Her hands coming to her cheeks, Katie swooned from Akane's praise. "You just made my
day, Akaneko."
Chapter End Notes
Appointments and alliances made! Let's hope the rest of the day goes this well (it won't).
Much thanks to my pal Anonguy for getting this done.
Chapter 22: Cooking Misery
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
As requested, Okamada Kamoyo gathered the High School's faculty for an emergency
assembly for all employees. Despite his own half-hearted misgivings to Kodachi, they
gathered—though, there was no small amount of confusion or misgiving among the
murmuring crowd of adults.
One teacher, on the younger side of middle-aged, with more than a few lines on his face
offset by smooth, slicked-back hair so filled with vigor that it absorbed the gymnasium lights
rather than shined under it. "What do you suppose is going on? Calling us in on a holiday like
this…"
A bespectacled middle-aged woman turned to him. Plainly dressed, with her pale violet hair
done up in a bun, she wasn't much to look at, but not as unforgettable as some other staff. "If
he had something to say he could've done it yesterday! Classes have basically been canceled
for a few days now, if you have more boys than girls in class!"
The black-haired teacher gave his female counterpart a harder look at that.
A red-haired male teacher, who was probably among the youngest teachers there but still old
enough to be a parent to the first years, spoke up. "I wonder if it's a meeting about what we're
going to do to snap the boys out of their collective stupor."
The glasses-wearing teacher pouted. "Do we have to? It's been so peaceful!"
"I'm inclined to agree," the dark-haired teacher chimed in. "Besides the Shining Killers trying
to come back, this is the most peaceful Furinkan High School has been since I started
working here."
Bringing a hand up to adjust her glasses, the woman smirked. "No delinquents, no loud and
unruly boys causing mischief, and best of all? No more Kunos to make an already crappy job
even more of a pain!"
The milling about and chatter went on like this throughout the crowd, until Tendo Nabiki, a
stack of folders in hands, stepped from behind the curtain closed on the gymnasium's stage.
Stepping off it, she walked over to the table set up between it and the teachers, placed the
folders down on it, took a seat, and folded her hands in front of her.
Furinkan High School's teachers and staff stared at her in confused silence.
Nabiki met their stares with a smile on her face and malice in her heart. Oh man, I'm going to
enjoy this so much.
The redhead called over to Nabiki. "Oi, Tendo, what is this all about? Shouldn't you be home
with the rest of the kids?"
"Oh no," she replied, "I'm here to help conduct the performance review that you've all been
asked to attend. Nice of you all to finally show up, by the way."
Uneasiness and worry joined the atmosphere, as the yammering began to build. Performance
review? Under whose direction? Okamada's? Why was Tendo Nabiki helping to conduct it?
Was this a prank?
These questions and others rolled across the crowd like waves, before the vantablack-haired
teacher stepped up, looking at her with incredulous skepticism.
"You?" He asked, as Nabiki eyed him back and began to sort through folders.
"That's right, me. Taking recent events into consideration, you all have been caught lacking,
so it has been decided that we will determine who doesn't need to be here anymore," she
replied.
The redhead teacher looked down at Nabiki like he had suddenly seen an insect crawl from a
pile of dog shit. "… Screw that; who do you think you are, pulling this stunt?"
Unease and wariness turned into indignation and hurt feelings on the spot, as many teachers
began grumbling, all affronted by the cheek of this girl.
Nabiki honestly loved it. "Hey, don't shoot the messenger. I'm only here doing the job that
was asked of me—something you all should be thinking about."
She looked aside, as she added out the corner of her mouth. "Especially since I'm not getting
paid as much as you."
"Tendo! If this is your idea of a joke, then you're crossing too many lines!" The black-haired
teacher warned her.
The violet-haired teacher huffed and adjusted her glasses as she put on a nasty smirk. "Hmph!
Of all the people to cause a scene… it would be the girl that Kuno-kun knew best—if you
catch my meaning."
Nabiki went still in her seat with that little barb, her right eyebrow shooting up as she looked
at that teacher in particular.
Other teachers began chuckling as well, showing all the maturity and tact of the very students
they taught.
If she weren't being paid to play her role, she'd be laughing her butt off at the very idea.
"Okay, let's be adults, here," she said, and earned more scoffing from the masses. "This
meeting is not mandatory and you're free to leave at any time, I will not stop you. Honestly? I
don't want to."
Immediately, several teachers turned towards the door, the cocky redhead voicing their
thoughts perfectly. "Welp! Thanks for completely wasting our time, then. Go home and enjoy
your half day off."
It was Kodachi's voice who called back.
"Of course, if you leave this meeting—then Furinkan High School accepts your resignation
from your position, and that will be that."
The room went silent and teachers looked around in surprise as rose petals—black like the
night—began drifting from the ceiling like cherry blossoms at the start of spring.
"What on Earth?" The bespectacled female teacher asked. "Rose petals?"
As confusion grew, the black-haired teacher reached up to catch one of the petals and stared
at it… before his eyes widened in recognition.
"Oh… oh no…"
He looked up, all the teachers looked, their gazes rising to the source of the petal-fall, they
found Kodachi standing in the steel rafters, looking down upon them with the satisfaction of
a hunter cornering her prey.
Bringing the back of her hand to her lips, she laughed.
"OHHHOHOHOHO!"
Kodachi's piercing, condescending cackle boomed across the gymnasium, before the young
woman leaped from the rafters and began to fall. Gasps and cries of shock rose as Kodachi
fell towards the polished wooden floor below.
Instead of crashing down onto it in a broken heap, she twisted her body and spun into several
tight flips before she came down in a crouch.
The force of her landing kicked up the rose petals that had already fallen to the floor into a
rolling wave that spread from her and danced with the other still airborne petals.
Silence once more fell as Kodachi rose to full height in front of the table. Behind her, Nabiki
sat impressed by the sheer force of her entrance. The teachers were struck by that very same
force, and further cowed by the cutting glare Kodachi swept over them, her presence
overpowering everything in the room.
"To those of you who are confused, let me make it so there's no uncertainty: I am Kuno
Kodachi, and you are here because I command it."
The redheaded teacher who'd been so smug looked like his heart dropped through his
stomach and out his ass in fear. "… K-Kuno?!"
A burst of yammering followed.
"Kodachi?" A teacher asked in confusion.
Another answered them. "Tatewaki's sister, but I thought she went to St. Hebereke!"
"What is she doing here?!" Yet another teacher yelped.
"Come on, we were done with their whole family…!" One in the middle of the crowd cried in
despair.
Kodachi basked in the confusion and worry spreading about her, her lips pulled into a cruel
smirk.
Nabiki was more than happy to underline and circle it. "I'm sure a lot of you know what that
means, but just in case you're lagging behind the class—she's the one who cuts your
paychecks."
Kodachi stepped back and pulled herself up onto the desk to sit on it beside Nabiki and
hooked one leg over the other with the poise and elegance expected of a lady of her standing.
"And I must wonder why I even pay you. "Do you honestly believe that you…"
She swept the teachers with a look that chilled them all to the bone. The contact with mad
furor in Kodachi's eyes striking like an eldritch horror. "… That any of you can stand before
me convinced that you are teachers at all?"
After a few moments, the black-haired teacher finally found his indignation. "You're joking!
You're students! The two of you are not going to stand here and threaten our jobs!"
"You're right, that's why we're sitting down," Nabiki unhelpfully agreed, before looking at
Kodachi. "That, by the way, is Takeshi Mamoru-sensei. He is a chemistry teacher, and his
homeroom is 3-F."
Kodachi looked at her. "Do tell me about him."
Rifling through the folders, she quickly pulled out one with and opened it. "He's worked here
for eight years…"
Her eyebrows rose when she checked the paper again. "Graduated from Tokyo University?
Dang. Goes to show he knows his staff, the students he teaches have generally higher marks
than national average, but most do poorly on national exams. He's divorced due to infidelity
on his wife's part and has no kids."
"… I see!" Kodachi murmured.
Takeshi-sensei recoiled as Nabiki read his file out loud. "H-how do you have that
information…?"
Kodachi looked at him. "I requested it. This school is an asset of my family, after all, and
with the position as head of House Kuno falling to me—I am taking stock."
Then, like she had never even spoken to him, she turned to Nabiki and asked, "What do his
students think of him?"
"Third year students have a higher opinion of him than first years; overall though, he's not
well-liked," Nabiki replied.
"Ah, so he is a passable educator with room to improve at least," Kodachi said. "Very well,
he can keep his job."
Takeshi-sensei sputtered, losing any words he could say after that. The atmosphere changed
sharply as worry, shock, and more than a few whispered obscenities made their rounds in the
crowd. Kodachi narrowed her eyes as the violet teacher who swiped at Nabiki stepped up.
"This isn't fair! You didn't even give us time to really prepare," the teacher protested.
Kodachi let out a laugh. "Ohohoho… think of this as… what do they do in the west… a 'Pop
Quiz' if that makes you feel better."
Nabiki's fingers fluttered through the papers as she spoke. "Mishima Reiko, Japanese Lit and
Homeroom of 2-F. Married, one child and husband who live outside of the SAD. She's one of
the best teachers here on the national level despite most of her classes having lower than
average grades."
Kodachi's eyebrows arched a little. "Low grades, but good tests?"
"Japan Lit is basically a filler class, you're in this class to either salvage a grade or puff up
your marks to look attractive to college," Nabiki further ran it down.
Kodachi hummed. "That's an attitude I already despise. Then there was her inference that you
and my brother were some sort of item?"
"Right?" Nabiki asked. "I'd fire her for that. Not because I'm petty or vindictive, but because
that's slander."
Kodachi agreed. "Quite."
She looked at the teacher. "Mishima-sensei, you are fired. Go to the office, collect your final
paycheck and leave."
The teacher hesitated where she stood, flabbergasted by the summary dismissal. "… What?
You… just like that?"
Kodachi nodded. "Mm. You may leave."
Mishima-sensei sputtered, then laughed. "Oh, this is a joke! You can't make me leave…!"
"You can stay if you want, but you will not be paid," the new transferee replied. "And while I
may be strict, I am not a slave owner."
She met the protesting teacher with a much different look, one filled with a darkness that bore
no humor and a contempt that quickly overwhelmed the woman and robbed her of her voice.
"Leave. Or I will remove you by force."
Without a word, not even producing a whimper, Mishima-sensei lowered her head and
turned. Not meeting any gazes, she scurried off to the doors of the gymnasium and crept
through them—never to be seen again at the school.
With her departure, the finality of what was happening took the fear factor of this meeting up
to an even greater level than before.
"Is this what passes for a teacher at this school," Kodachi asked, reclaiming their attention,
"People who can openly express their contempt for their students without consequence? I ask
you again: how can any of you stand before me convinced that you are teachers at all?"
There was no answer, just dumbstruck, fearful looks, so Kodachi continued. "For three days,
a female student was repeatedly attacked by her male peers. Dozens of them. They had been
threatened with harm by my brother to not interact with her, unless they defeated her in
combat."
Once more she swept the room, her eyes burning with black flame as she asked. "Who among
you has the courage to explain why none of you acted on that girl's behalf?"
Nabiki offered her hand. "The floor's yours, folks. Let's hear it."
A grizzled old man with a bushy mustache as stark gray as his hair stepped up. He wore a
dark colored hat, a blue shirt, and tan pants in a style not like any teacher. The old man
looked more like one of the custodial faculty than a teacher, and Nabiki didn't immediately
find any name to go with his face.
"I'll tell you why," the old man groused. "Because these cowards didn't want to step on
Tatewaki's toes!"
At Kodachi's imploring look, the man introduced himself. "Kobayakawa Toramasa is the
name. I'm no teacher, I run the school's commissary!"
That surprised Nabiki. "Huh… I heard we had one, but it's open?"
"It's always!" Toramasa shouted at her. "You kids don't bother with it, because that dumbass
Principal liked to spread rumors about it, so no one goes there!"
Nabiki blinked as she processed that. "Oh yeah… I remember Kasumi saying there were
stories."
Aside she muttered. "Oh crap, that whole thing with Tomobiki could've been avoided."
"As I was saying," Toramasa continued, "While the idiot prince could never open his mouth
and say it himself, there was heavy implication for the faculty to not get in his way."
Nabiki's eyebrows rose. "Implication… wait…"
Kodachi's eyes narrowed, and the smirk on her lips joined the malice in her eyes.
"Ohohohoho… oh my… Kobayakawa-san… you have just enlightened me."
She looked to the back of the gymnasium.
"Okamada-sensei, care to explain yourself?"
And suddenly relief swept through the teachers like a scythe through wheat. As one, all
looked to the back of the gymnasium at the Vice Principal, who stood at the back wall with
all the appearance of a man facing a firing squad.
He was stone still, with a slight sheen of sweat forming on his paling face. The old man could
see it in the eyes of the faculty as they sized him up like a piece of meat.
Goat meat.
Nabiki started laughing next. "Oh… oh crap… that's right…!"
She looked at Kodachi. "Your brother's a buffoon, but he was never the kind of guy to go up
to a teacher and twist their freaking arm so he could get what he wanted."
Toramasa looked back at Okamada, with the smirk of a man with a grudge to bear.
"If I had to describe how his antics were handled… kid's gloves," Nabiki said, her humor
laced with fury as the last several days came back to haunt the Vice-Principal. "Nah, toddler
mittens."
Kodachi's stare could burn a hole in the wall behind Okamada, without harming the man.
With the deliberation of a cobra rearing, she slipped from the desk, her hands coming from it
as she stood to her full height.
"Well?" She said, her voice firm and laced with poisons. "I am waiting."
Okamada-sensei reached into his suit jacket and pulled out a handkerchief that he used to dab
his forehead. Slowly bringing it down his right temple, he stopped at his cheekbone and let
out a shaking sigh.
"Tat… Kuno-kun is… was… the strongest student that Furinkan Academy had known for a
long time. With his arrival, these halls have known peace unlike any other, with the expulsion
of the many delinquents who once prowled the halls. To keep him here despite his
mannerisms was to keep the school safe and the students free of distraction from the
unsavory elements that once plagued it."
Okamada lowered the handkerchief from his face. "To remove him from this school would
only invite calamity to it. Since that day, we have already seen the beginning of the end of
Furinkan's peace."
As he spoke, whatever tension the revelation filled Kodachi with drained out of her before
another silky laugh left her throat.
"Ohohoho… ah…" She closed her deadly beautiful eyes as she heaved the sigh. "Thank you
so much, Kobayakawa-san. And thank you, Okamada-sensei, for explaining why my brother
was allowed to do whatever he pleased. He was this school's protector, its champion… and he
made it more peaceful than it had ever been, you say?"
She turned back to the gymnasium's stage where her and Nabiki's desk had been set up in
front of. With a clap of her hands, she signaled for the curtains pulled around it to be drawn…
revealing a roped off corral filled with dozens of the school's male students.
The young men either milled about aimlessly or sat on the ground with their knees drawn to
their chests, all of them bearing the same dull pallor and an increased gauntness from their
initial destruction at Akane's words. Some just lay on the hardwood floor of the stage, staring
listlessly into the infinite.
Some of the faculty behind her grimaced, some looked away in disgust or embarrassment,
while others stared tight-lipped.
"Do not pretend any of you are free of responsibility," she advised. "Look upon these young
men, beaten and eviscerated by one girl and ask yourselves—where was I?"
She turned to face them. "What was I doing, as I watched these young men gather for three
mornings–"
"Four," Nabiki corrected.
"Four mornings to attack a student, thank you." Kodachi gave the room another once-over.
"How did any of you feel when that same girl pummeled all of these young men by herself
and carried on to class?"
The silence was deafening.
"My brother was your champion, you say, is that why you excused his behavior?" She asked.
"That's fair, I'll accept that explanation. We live in Nerima after all."
Then, rather crassly, she hooked a thumb back to the poor bastards. "What about them?"
The silence lingered, as she sat back down on the desk and Nabiki reshuffled her papers.
Once again, she leaned forward slightly and folded her hands on her raised knee.
"Please take those questions into consideration, as we continue our review of your
performance as teachers and decide your future with my school."
And with those words, even Okamada was afraid.
Chapter End Notes
Furinkan belongs to The Black Rose!
Chapter 23: Taian Daylight
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Outside of the combini that Curly described as the limit of the Host Martial Artists'
incursions, Katie fed upon her sixth skewer of yakitori—with six more jammed between the
fingers of her other hand. Akane was crouched down next to her, hovering over a bowl of
instant ramen with chopsticks in hand, loudly slurping up the noodles. A folded handkerchief
with a second cooked but partly open bowl of ramen upon it rested on her head, and two
more empty bowls sat at her feet.
The two had stopped for lunch with the Butsumetsu boys spoken to and had elected to make
up for their dreadful mealtime experience the other day.
Sucking the last of the sauce from her current finished skewer, Katie flicked it like a missile
into a trash bin on the other side of the door of the 7-Eleven combini's storefront and let out a
chuckle as it went in like the last eight before it.
"You know… your sister's an amazing cook, and that Okonomiyaki hits every spot, but
sometimes you just gotta have some of that down home combini junk food, y'hear?" Katie
asked.
Akane let out an "Mm!" in agreement, wary to nod with a reinforced paper bowl of near-
boiling water cooling atop her head. She finished her penultimate bowl of ramen and
hiccupped before taking the last from atop her head and stirring the contents with her
chopsticks.
Rather than slurp the noodles, she stirred the bowl harder before pulling out a large ball of
noodles the size of her fist. She opened her mouth wide and shoved the entire mass in her
mouth to begin chewing, stopping to take sips of the remaining broth to wash it all down.
Katie stared at Akane, her left eye twitching a bit. "God damn."
Akane looked back at her Senpai, smirking before she took a final gulp of the last of her
broth. "What?"
Katie looked away. "I just learned somethin' new about ya, is all. You sure about that kinda
ramen?"
She nodded. "I didn't think I'd like this natto ramen, but here I am."
Katie took to another stick of yakitori. "I'll take yer word for it."
As her senpai ate, Akane asked. "So… these guys in black leather, what do you make of
them?"
Katie chewed on the question like she did her chicken. "Bad hombres with weapons in black
leather could be any ol' operation. Like Curly said, they could be bikers… but I ain't heard no
motorcycles rumbling 'round our neck of the woods at night."
Her kouhai nodded in agreement. "There's no way anyone would miss that… unless they
were on actual bikes or something."
The mental image of big tough bikers on regular bikes nearly made Katie spit out her yakitori
and choke on it at the same time. It was too powerful of an image. Shaking her head as she
wiped her tears, Katie sputtered.
"Bleh, gah… well… otherwise they could be ninja, or yakuza, or who knows what else."
Akane huffed through her nostrils. "They could be sentai for all I care; I'll take them on."
"Attagirl, you got that dog in ya," Katie praised. "Regardless of what we find out, we're
definitely gonna hang out after dark and see what kinda fun we can turn up."
The air sparkled around Akane as she preened.
"Let's heat up the bricks, we got daylight to burn and questions to ask."
Akane puzzled the meaning of that before Katie headed off, and quickly took after her as she
understood.
The pair sauntered on deeper into Taian, where the anachronism of Butsumetsu faded quickly
into the upscale and chic of the wealthier mixed commercial and upscale residences.
A relatively new addition to Nerima Ward when the SAD was established, with its proximity
to no less than three estates belonging to the wealthier residents, the new construction was
both modern Earth and out of this world alien in architecture—symbolic of what the Special
Administration District was.
Akane's eyes wandered as they meandered along. The busy streets and sidewalks were
crowded with not just humans, but all manner of aliens. Creatures, aliens, humans, and not
mingled in a morass of eclectic colors and shapes, drawing the eyes of the two girls as they
passed them.
Katie huffed in amusement as she noticed a green three eyed boy with slicked back hair and
antennae trying to be suave and cool to an unimpressed human high school girl.
Beside her, Akane stared at a gaggle of monks crowded around the corner of a small park,
drawn together by a shogi match between their brethren; a younger bald man with
electrifying blue skin and yellow eyes versus a creature whose smoldering red eyes could be
seen glowing from underneath it's heavy cowl.
Reaching out, Katie stopped Akane from walking in the path of another pair crossing their
path at a street intersection next to the park.
"… Aw you know me dawg, I'm just doing just fine," drawled a large pink gelatinous mass to
his blue Oni friend in a poncho as they walked at a sedate pace. Both of them had cups of
boba milk tea in some bizarre energetic green flavor.
Akane took note of the boba with interest as the aliens passed. "… Huh… been a while since
I had boba."
"Let's find some when we're done." Katie said before she looked at her phone and the list of
people Curly sent her. "The first group hang out at the park here, let's go."
The park was like the rest of Taian, clean, attractive, and orderly. Near the playground full of
brand-new equipment and next to some picnic tables, two Clusters of grannies of all shapes
and sizes sat holding court upon their small carts, gossiping about this and that as they passed
around a never ending stream of trinkets and candy.
As Akane lingered to watch them without stopping, one of them hooted, bidding goodbye to
her fellows and took off, her wings flapping lazily as she soared across the rooftops with a
cackle.
Katie took the distracted Akane's arm and pulled her aside as a harried preschool teacher dug
in her heels to no avail against half a dozen furry children yipped excitedly, running towards
their playmates at the playground equipment; much to the delight of the grannies as they
welcomed the young'uns.
"Cute…" Akane cooed herself at the sight before Katie directed her attention to a less than
eye-catching group of teenage boys who were gathered at a picnic table.
They were a sullen lot, despite their expensive-looking clothes and their fancy phones. With
some time and motivation, they could clean up into passable models—but in the state they
were at the very most approachable.
The boys looked over and didn't react much as Katie and Akane walked up to them.
"Howdy," Katie greeted, "Word on the block is that you're some of those Host Club Martial
Artists we've been hearing about."
Akane glanced at Katie, then at the boys, the apparent leader lifting his head up fully from his
phone as his boys sulked. "Nah, we don't do that anymore."
"What happened?" Katie asked.
The leader shrugged his shoulders. "We got our asses kicked, that's all. It's real in the streets."
Akane silently wished some of these guys went to Furinkan—it would have made things
easier on her if getting beat up was enough to get them to quit.
"Who beat you up?" She asked. "We're looking for some guys who are going around jumping
people at night."
The leader of this pretty boy posse paled at the question, and he looked down. "Suzuki."
"Suzuki?" Katie and Akane repeated as one.
He nodded. "Guy named Suzuki, him and his crew… it was them."
With that he got up and turned to leave, his friends following. "Go talk to them and leave us
alone. They have a spot downtown in an office building called Moon Parlor."
Katie raised an eyebrow, but decided that they could verify it even if it was incorrect. "Thank
you for your time, I guess."
The two turned to leave the park and headed out to the street and the vibrant Taian street life.
"Sheesh," Akane said. "He sounded just like Ucchan and Ryūnosuke."
Katie nodded. "Mmhm. Ain't got much to say other than they took an L"
Nevertheless, Akane turned her nose up. "At least they quit with that Pick-Up Martial Arts
crap—so it's not a total loss."
Letting out a chuckle, Katie agreed with a quick "Exactly!" before a shadow fell over them.
"Hi!" She and Katie looked up as a handsome young man with webbed hands approached
them, holding a tray of small cups of milk tea and boba in a dizzying array of colors. "We're
having a promotion of our new Boba shop with fantastic flavors such as Cookie Alpaca and
Angry Hanya Cream!"
Akane looked at the vast selection of offered drink samples, then at Katie. "Cookie Alpaca
sounds cute..."
"Right?" Katie agreed. She turned to the sample man. "Y'all can color us intrigued."
The young man grinned and handed the sample cups to them. "If cute is what you're looking
for, we also have flavors like jellocat and queensberry. The shop is right down the street, look
for Milk Booba!"
Katie let out a snicker. "Heh, booba."
Akane gave her an admonishing look. "Really?"
"Hehehe…" Katie chuckled at her pout. "So cute."
As they continued, a family of sentient green onions strolled down the sidewalk opposite of
them, the kids were surprisingly cute, while the father was a spectacularly built fellow with a
lovely slim wife hanging onto his admittedly incredibly sizable arm, belly swollen with more
baby vegetables.
Cute couple, I wonder how plant folks get their gains. Katie thought.
Akane worried for sentient food aliens in Japan.
The further down into Taian they went, the more packed it became with students out of class,
the afternoon drawing more and more of the Special Administrative District's teenaged
population out to enjoy Golden Week.
Katie pointed ahead and both she and Akane moved aside from a pair of girls in stylish and
expensive clothes. One was human, but her companion was a pink-skinned alien.
"Oh my gosh, like have you tried this new Gobbo Brew?" The human teenager said to her
friend. "It's like a mix of coffee, chocolate, and chai!"
"Yeah, I heard it gets better over time, too," the female-sounding alien replied in a gurgly
voice. "It's gonna totes take over the coffee scene on Earth the second someone gets ahold of
it."
Akane let out a small chuckle. Nabiki has been getting into coffee lately…
Katie turned to the passing girls. "Pardon my dust, ladies—but can you maybe help us out for
a second?"
The human and alien pair turned to Katie, and just about did a double take at the tall pretty
girl and her super cute friend in tragically ugly uniforms. Nevertheless, the sporty teens did
not judge. "Like, what's up?"
"Howdy, y'all. You girls wouldn't happen to go to Kolkhoz International Academy, would
ya?" When both girls nodded, Katie continued. "We're looking for a kid named Endō Ryohei,
you know him?"
The human girl lit in recognition. "Oh yeah, totes! He used to run the Kolkhoz Host Club!"
Akane made a face, a High School Host Club sounded incredibly skeevy.
"Used to…?" Katie asked.
The blue-skinned alien spoke up. "Last week he stopped coming to school. He sent a letter
saying that he was stepping down and dropping out—and to not look for him."
Akane grimaced. "… That's dark."
"I know, right?" The human Kolkhoz student said. "And it's, like, a shame! He and all the
other guys who quit were totes cute, too."
"Other guys?!" Akane yelped.
"Yeah, it wasn't just him, the entire host club quit, no one's seen them since," the alien student
replied.
"Anyway, we gotta, like, go? Sorry if we weren't any help," the human girl said before they
continued. "You're totes cute, and your hairstyles are awesome, though! Bye-bye!"
"At least they were nice." Katie turned to Akane as they resumed walking. "A whole dang
host club?"
"A whole dang high school host club," Akane reiterated. "And good riddance! What kind of
school has something like that?"
Katie held her tongue. "I wouldn't worry none about it. It's kinda like a maid café at a school
festival, y'know?"
"Those are worse," Akane said.
Katie couldn't stop her laugh, now. "Really? But maids are so cute!"
Akane shook her head. "You wouldn't understand… and we got more important things to do
than talk about the dark history of maids."
"I guess so…" Katie conceded before she looked off to her left and her eyes widened. "Oh
my God, Akaneko, look."
Akane turned and found the café. Milk Booba, despite the lascivious name—or maybe
because of it and the small band of pretty women and tall muscular men out front by the door
advertising the various flavors of milk tea with special boba on tap—was quite popular for
their grand opening and full of people of all ages, with a line stretching out the door door and
down the street.
To the side of the attractive attractions, several floating holographic signs insisted that
visitors "Do not abuse the advertisements" in numerous languages… some that hurt to look
at. A harried looking bouncer, a muscular Oni with a fire engine red skin, gave a few humans
a wary glare before letting them into the organized chaos that was the boba shop.
One of the muscular men posed dramatically, his skintight shirt straining as the milk tea, its
contents, and named flavor emblazoned on his chest changed color, font, and size with every
move of his pecs. More than a few teenagers of various genders and races eyed him
speculatively before being ushered closer into the shop.
Katie and Akane watched as the doors opened, and another red Oni stormed out. She was
taller than Katie and was hauling out a pair of rambunctious boys kicking and struggling
uselessly in her hands.
"Hey, what's the deal?!" One of the boys shouted.
"Didn't you read the signs?" Growled the Oni, her eyes narrowing. "No fucking around with
the ads! They don't wanna go out with you! Get to the back of the line!"
She shoved them into the street, Katie and Akane stepping back from both boys as they
grumbled and did as commanded, stomping off to the back of the line.
"We gotta come back here when this place dies down some," Katie said as she too ogled the
handsome advertisements.
Akane huffed in amusement. "Maybe if we time it right, you'll catch them on break."
"Hush, you," Katie snapped at her.
Akane let out another laugh before she looked all around at their quickly changing world. "I
can't believe how different this place has become…"
Katie looked at her. "You don't come out here much?"
"I do my shopping closer to home, and Nabiki doesn't like coming out here because it's so
expensive. Kasumi's the only one who comes out here regularly."
Akane gave Katie a mischievous smile. "Maybe you and her should go out here together, visit
each other's favorite spots…?"
Her senpai's whole face turned red and she loomed over her kouhai. "Oh, you're gonna have
fun with this, ain'tcha?"
Akane brought a hand to her lips to mock conceal her teasing giggle. "Fufufu…"
Turning away from Akane, Katie sighed. "Why? Oh why? Do I have to suffer such a cute
kouhai? I can't even get mad at her, she's too much."
Katie abruptly snatched Akane up into a light headlock and ruffled up her hair. "Oh yeah! I'm
bigger than her so I can do this!"
"Kyaaaaaaaaah!" Akane squealed in mock distress as she squirmed in Katie's grip, before
both broke into laughter.
@@@@@
Despite attractions providing distractions, Katie and Akane continued through Taian,
interviewing local delinquents and a few hosts who Curly listed as victims of the beatings…
and a pattern began to emerge.
A nicely dressed young man hanging out in a restaurants outdoor dining area met them with a
sad grimace. "… They jumped us out of nowhere. I didn't see who did it. One second, I was
laughing with my bros, then pow."
Some delinquents hanging out in front of a newsstand reading manga were just as
forthcoming. "They challenged us, and we gave them a fight… but they were too strong…
too stylish…"
A loner with a bandaged face walked away from them, speaking as he did. "Leave me alone,
I don't wanna talk about it."
A bigger teenager, seething and in a battered state outside of a clothing store, growled.
"It was Suzuki and his guys."
Two nearly identical guys in school uniforms hanging out by a water fountain, also well-
battered, reluctantly gave a name.
"Yeah, Suzuki."
Another fresh-faced young man, with dead eyes as he worked at a noodle stand, just muttered
a single name.
"… Suzuki."
Katie put her phone away as she and Akane reached their destination on their little
investigation. Set on the first floor of a mixed-use high rise, was a swanky little café with
stairs leading up to it. The Moon Parlor Café was certainly an innocuous façade for the den of
skilled pick up martial artists.
"It all comes back to this spot and the guy holed up in here," Katie said. "Suzuki."
Akane ruminated over their various interviews. "Something isn't right with all of this. They're
all the same way… totally defeated."
Katie nodded. "Like getting beat by these guys was enough to hang up the gloves. Well, let's
see what kind of badasses we're up against."
She looked at Akane. "You ready?"
Akane rested a hand on her stomach, then looked at the building. "More than I'll ever be."
Climbing the stairs, they found what looked like a combination of a clean and swanky little
evening lounge and a café that was a 1:1 recreation of the Fruits Parlor Crown café from the
Sailor Moon anime.
As it was still the middle of the day, there was no business—booths that would be filled with
giggling young women being treated to parfaits and mixed fruit drinks were empty, and
young men who'd been idling to look cool, casual, but approachable for any would-be guest
perked up when the two walked in.
At the far end of the soda shop's booth seats, at a larger half-circle booth, the leader of this
band of bishounen raised his head with interest. Suzuki, the same young man who traded
blows with Sōban and walked away intact, raised an eyebrow when he saw the two Furinkan
Girls. Like that day, he was dressed in his stylish cream-colored suit and his hair was on
fleek.
There was no mistaking those awful uniforms or the beauty that shone through them. The tall
and violent foreigner, her smaller but tremendously cute friend who was no less capable of
carnage.
The same girls who devastated Kuno Tatewaki, Furinkan High school's entire male student
body, and put on a glorious show breaking the Shining Killers… they had come to his Club.
He was of several thoughts. The first being that he was so glad that some feminine beauty
saw fit to grace his club. The next was the question of why they were here. One more was if
this was going to end in a fight, and could he prevent it from becoming as such.
He had other thoughts, but those ranged from the mundane to the risqué, and thus kept them
far down the queue to his mouth.
Standing up, he clapped his hands twice. "Gentlemen."
Before Katie and Akane's eyes, the other hosts sprang into action, forming up in two rows
between them and the seating of the club. They all struck a greeting pose—one hand on their
chest, and the other presenting the path to the booths, which Suzuki blocked as he assumed
his spot as the master of this ceremony.
"Good day to you, my princesses," Suzuki said, the other hosts speaking in time with him
before he introduced himself. "I am Suzuki, and I will be your guide to a world worthy of
your beauty."
It was a flattery that, after meeting with Sōban and his gang, felt so artificial and hollow.
Akane took the lead. "We're not here to be catered to, we want answers."
Folding her arms, Katie nodded in agreement. "Mmhm!"
Suzuki seemed to glide up to the two, before stopping in a sweeping bow to them. "My
Princesses, we will be more than happy to answer your questions and cater to you. Speak to
us your desires, and we will fulfill them to our best ability."
With a bit of sleight of hand, he produced a tablet and offered it to them. "But first, would
you like to make a selection of hosts you'd like to get to know?"
Reaching out, Katie nudged the tablet away. "Let me make this clear. We're not paying for
any of yer services, and you ain't gonna push 'em on us. We know about you getting into
scraps 'round here, and a lot of people been turning up beaten to a pulp with your name
signed on their clapped keisters."
Suzuki gave pause at that then tried to speak soothingly. "That doesn't seem like anything
we'd be involved in–"
Katie's eyes narrowed in annoyance. "Everyone from Butsumetsu to two streets over are
saying you and your guys are the ones out here cleaning up."
Suzuki's lovely features shifted into a small frown, then a scowl as Katie continued. "Then
there's the fact that you came close to messing with our school—but only stopped short when
you saw what me and my girl here did to the Shining Killers."
The Host turned away from the girls, bringing up his hand to cover his mouth. He glanced at
them furtively, got caught, and looked away again.
"It ain't attractive to lie," Katie pointed out. "We just wanna know what you have to do with
what's goin' on."
Suzuki stepped back from Katie, raising his hands. "M-my princess… I really think you've
got the wrong Suzuki. We're not that kind of Host Club crew."
He smoothly spun in place and struck an attractive pose, his fellow hosts following suit. "All
we want is to show you a good time and make you feel lighter than air."
Katie's glower was withering as she realized they were going in circles. "… Maybe make our
wallets feel lighter. C'mon guys, stop dawdlin'..."
She trailed off when Akane stepped past her, her head lowered slightly, so her slightly curved
bangs fell to shade her eyes as she reached up and took Suzuki by the collar. "Suzuki-san, my
senpai just said lying isn't attractive. I don't want you to look less attractive…"
Her actions confused that very senpai, who watched as she tightened her grip on Suzuki's
collar… but then lifted her head to look him in the eyes as she pulled him closer slightly.
"Er… Akaneko…?" Katie asked.
"Huh…?" Suzuki stumbled, as he became lost in the beautifully cute Tendo Akane. Her
eyelashes fluttering, she tilted her head ever slightly as she continued to draw him in—a clear
and obvious signal.
As Suzuki felt his tension ease, and he began to lean in as she commanded, she whispered.
"Tell us the truth… or I'll kiss you."
Suzuki, who'd tasted the lips of many a Princess who'd graced his shop, was happy to
comply. "Yes, I…"
Then it occurred to him, as Akane's lips parted just centimeters from his. "… Wait… or…?"
Akane burped.
Katie, who'd been horrified by Akane suddenly going for the clumsy seduction approach out
of thin air—now watched in gobsmacked awe as Suzuki's face went pale, then blue, then
green in the space of a second.
In the very next second he tried to leap back from her like an angry cat on a veterinarian's
table, gagging and choking while craning his head back as far from Akane's face as he
physically could without ripping his own neck off or worse, tearing his clothes.
"GAH! WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOUR BREATH-?!" Suzuki yelled before
Akane leaned forward while pulling him in—this time opening her mouth wide to exhale a
hot breath into his face. "AHHHHHHH!"
Suzuki's legs buckled, and he fell to his knees even as he tried to break free. "FUCK! FUCK!
WHAT DID YOU EAT?!"
He raised a hand to push Akane back, but she caught it and pushed him down onto his back,
putting a knee on his stomach and pinning him down to lean over him. "Geh… so strong…!"
"I just ate four bowls of combini instant natto ramen," Akane answered. "Don't mess around,
Suzuki!"
She brought her free hand up, finger pointed at the back of her open mouth. "You'd better
answer or you'll get way more than a whiff of my lunch."
Katie was wheezing, completely stricken with the hardest laughter in her life that she couldn't
let out. When Suzuki half-screamed, half-gagged, she realized that she was going to die here
and now.
Her kouhai was gonna kill her with the funniest shit she'd ever seen.
Now, it wasn't so funny that she couldn't swing the knife edge of her hand to stop right
against the throat of one host and catch another in a headlock when they rushed to grab and
pull Akane off Suzuki.
"Hahahahaha…" Katie laughed, as she grabbed the neck of the host that she nearly
decapitated. "… Y'all ain't listenin', so let me make it crystal."
With that she whirled around and threw both hosts, sending one crashing to the floor, and the
other into two others. Her back to Akane and Suzuki, she looked at the remaining hosts with
a glare that the smile on her face did not reach.
"We ain't in the mood fer bullshit," she finished. "Tell the truth."
Suzuki, trying to breathe, dry-heaved when Akane huffed in his face again. He let out a
scream. "I admit it, stop! Stop! We're not jumping anybody! We're just copping the credit; we
don't even know who's doing it!"
"No cap?" Katie asked.
"I swear!" Suzuki yelled as Akane leaned towards him, her mouth hanging open like the jaws
of a whale shark to let the power of natto flow through him. "Please, have mercy! Get this
crazy bitch away from me!"
Turning, Katie faced the other hosts, who were suddenly a lot less inclined to attack them.
She scanned them quickly. "None of y'all know about last night, either?"
When they quickly shook their heads, Katie held out a hand. "Akaneko, let the pretty boy
go."
And just like that Akane released him and rose to rejoin Katie's side. Taking a handkerchief
to her mouth, she wiped it of any unsightly drool.
Suzuki gasped for breath, and pointed at her "You're disgusting, what's wrong with you?!"
Akane huffed. "You would've liked it if I manhandled you any other way, pervert."
"It's true, hon's got strong hands, and they'd be wasted on you," Katie praised.
Suzuki coughed. "Get out of my café…"
"Y'all ain't gotta tell us twice," Katie assured him as she and Akane went to the door. "Now, I
reckon y'all ought to not go around claiming credit for every fight that goes down when the
sun does."
Getting up, Suzuki hardened his stare at the girls. "How we build our rep is none of your
business. The shit that goes down between Host Clubs makes the Maid Wars look like
playground fights."
Incensed, Akane snapped back. "Let's see how many women will come down to your stupid
café after we tell everyone that you jumped and robbed a girl and her friend last night!"
That got a very different, visceral reaction from Suzuki. "The hell did you say?"
He was horrified.
"It's as we said it, and why we're here; a girl we know got jumped," Katie said. "If you don't
want this to get back to you in the worst way, y'all best get to clearing the confusion 'bout
what's really goin' on 'round here."
She stopped at the door and turned back to Suzuki and the other hosts. They were all looking
at him with a mix of horrified gapes and furious glares, while he pulled a new grimace and
clenched his fists. "You wouldn't happen to have any idea, would ya? Word goin' 'round is
that these guys were suited up nice like you—but bigger, an' meaner."
Suzuki recoiled ever slightly like that, confusion flashing on his face before he said with less
edge on his voice. "… No, that could be anyone. Host Club, Yakuza, even foreign Organized
Crime… there's no shortage of guys in clean fits coming to town and starting shit."
Don't I know it, Katie thought, before she nodded. "We'll be on our way."
With that the two girls hustled out the door and down to the street below. Melting into the
crowd quickly, they got out of sight of the café and headed back up the long thoroughfare
towards the boba tea spot.
"Senpai?" Akane asked as she matched her pace. "Why did you give them the wrong
description?"
Katie closed her eyes and smiled. "To see if he'd grab the rope and haul himself out of the shit
with it, and he did."
Akane's eyes widened. "Ah?! He knows who they are!"
"Mmhm!" Katie replied. "And I reckon he's gonna want to have a word with our beasts in
black about the danger they now present to his reputation."
Smiling at Katie, Akane nodded. "Then we're going to be here for a while."
Katie licked her lips. "Let's grab some Booba and wait out the sun."
Akane's smile turned into a flat glower. "Gross."
The older girl barked out her laugh. "Hah! Not as gross as eating four containers of natto
ramen and then making someone smell your breath. Hon, you are a legend in the makin'."
Rather than feel any amount of shame, Akane turned her nose up with pride. "Now do you
understand the true terror of Indiscriminate Grappling?"
Katie did, and she approved. "Heh, I got the memo, there. Though I gotta wonder. Is that
attack a biological or chemical weapon?"
Akane raised a finger for emphasis. "Yes!"
Katie laughed again.
Chapter End Notes
Akane and Katie be up in this like Crockett and Tubbs.
Wait, no one probably gets that reference. Riggs and Murtaugh? Carter and Lee? Jenko
and Schmidt?
... Starsky and Hutch?
... Turner and Hooch?
Chapter 24: Sickle Wind
Chapter Summary
So! I went back and made a few alterations to Volume 5 because Senpai operates on an
internally kept timeline and it turns out I forgot Golden Week was a thing! Luckily it
was something easily fixed and not something that required going back through the
story to correct every single possible mistake.
(Though if anyone notices any glaring discrepancies please don't hesitate to point them
out.)
Chapter Notes
So, as it turns out? I missed a bunbnc
See the end of the chapter for more notes
The air in Taian always stank, that's how Fujinami Ryūnosuke always remembered it anyway.
It wasn't an actual presence of odor, just an excess of everything that hung in the air even
before the Special Administrative District turned it into the richest place in their little prison
world.
However, the sharpest smell that stank, and what turned her nose at the moment, was the lack
of fear. The people in the neighborhood carried themselves as above the trials of life, as if the
stories of violent assault were just that. Akane and Katie hadn't been the only ones searching
for answers after all.
"These dumbasses really ain't got a clue," Ryūnosuke muttered to herself, the boy's uniform
of Tomobiki High covering the bandages that were swathing her body. "Not one of them
thinks that a single thing will ever go wrong."
Perhaps they had still been sheltered by the SAD's establishment, already used to the hustle
and bustle of foot traffic engaging in various trades. They didn't even have a police force, all
the security was provided by the local rich, and only for this.
"Or that it's enough for them to ignore the problem." She corrected under her breath, wanting
to gag at the sheer arrogance.
There were a number of beatings even on these soft streets she had confirmed today, and you
wouldn't believe it from the noses in the air as they spent their every yen as if there was
nothing going to go wrong for them.
Her ribs ached, the lingering pain from being bashed over the head still throbbed. But nothing
hurt more than her pride, even if she had no formal training in the fighting arts. She was a
brawler and a damn good one, able to hit and be hit without much complaint.
"And it didn't even matter." Ryūnosuke complained under her breath. But maybe it had been
the element of surprise, maybe it had been seeing those douches pummeled so horrifically…
or maybe…
A growl escaped her lips as she stalked along, eyes darting to wherever the light didn't reach.
She was ready this time, and even if she lost again, she'd make a better showing. She
wouldn't go down without even getting a punch or a kick in, just getting dropped like a sack
of crap to the dirt and beaten like a drum.
Not again. She thought, blood heating up as she continued to stalk through the streets and
wait.
Never again.
More and more the sunlight dimmed and there was a foul feeling in the wind.
She stopped when she saw them, a group of seven young men emerging from a plain-looking
spot that occupied the bottom two floors of a highrise. Her eyes narrowing, she watched them
head off not down or up the main street, but off onto a less crowded and busy side street—a
parade of pretty boys in sharp clothes and slick hair, led by the angriest bird in the flock—
Suzuki.
Letting them pass her by, Ryūnosuke hesitated for a moment before rounding the corner and
trailing them. Down two blocks they went, before they made a right and headed back up the
direction she came down on a much quieter, darker street, and Ryūnosuke was like their
shadow, following them up as the quality of the buildings and road fell and the quantity of
quiet shops and vacant lots grew.
They were back in Butsumetsu, right on the border with Tomobiki, before the group turned
and cut into an empty lot next to a two-story flat.
Ryūnosuke stopped short of the hole in the wooden fence the well-dressed men slipped
through and peeked through the gap between the planks. They were spread out, confronting
someone in the shadows.
"We need to talk," Suzuki said sharply.
A deep but feminine voice replied. "Well, you didn't bring any snacks, so I didn't think it'd be
a social call. What do you want?"
Ryūnosuke's eyes widened when she heard the second person.
"What's this garbage going around about your guys beating up females?!" Suzuki demanded.
"We had a deal!"
There was a moment before the person Suzuki was speaking too hummed slowly in request
for clarification. "I don't understand what you mean. No one's been picking fights with any
females that I know of."
"Today a couple of Furinkan High School girls came here mad as hell that a girl they know
got jumped! They were dead serious about it, too, you're lucky they didn't get a good
description of the guys who did it!"
Ryūnosuke would be relieved to hear that, if her pulse wasn't racing in anger.
The person Suzuki was talking to added to that intensifying flame. "Nonsense. The pickings
were pretty slim, last night, all things considered. The only people we jumped were those
Char Aznable themed guys you wanted taken out, and a couple pretty boy martial artists with
an okonomiyaki cart…"
That blazing fury snapped her resolve to stay still and stay silent, and with all her might she
smashed down the fence between her and the vacant lot, surprising Suzuki and his retinue. As
the planks crashed down, she shouted out in all her indignation at the person the Host Martial
Artist was speaking to.
"I'M A CHICK, DAMN IT!"
The person Suzuki was conversing with stared at Ryūnosuke with him. He was a slender man
wearing tight black leather pants held up with a gold belt and a matching sleeveless leather
jacket. He had black hair with bangs combed to curve to the left, with a violet streak running
through the middle, and a confused look on his attractive face as he stared at Ryūnosuke
"Bruh," he said.
Suzuki and his clique turned to face Ryūnosuke, who pointed at his leather-clad associate.
"You…! I've been looking all over the place for you!"
The young man in leather pointed at himself. "Moi?"
Ryūnosuke punched her fist into her palm. "Beat me up, rob my friend? I'm gonna make you
and all your loser friends pay in teeth instead of yen!"
The young man looked Ryūnosuke, dressed head to toe as a boy, and made a face at her as
the sun's last rays faded at the horizon. "… Eugh, you pervert."
The girl bristled at the insult. "I don't wanna hear that from you–!"
Just as the sunset was almost at its nadir, did Ryūnosuke feel the same disgusting feeling as
last night. Adrenaline crashed into her brain and expanded her senses. On instinct, her body
moved, pivoting into a wide sweeping kick that scattered the five men who leapt down from
above to attack her.
I knew they'd try it! She told herself, leaping back from them the second her foot touched
down.
As the light from the sun finally vanished, another man with a length of pipe suddenly threw
himself into her path. There was no time to be cute, no time to think, just time for action.
"You won't get the jump on me, this time!" Ryūnosuke cried, turning to swing a heavy punch
at full force as the attacker used the pipe to block, blowing him backward towards Suzuki and
his friends. The masked man recovered and slid to a halt, before stepping politely aside from
the young man in leather.
Footsteps rattled the air, ten pairs of boots thundering as their owners spread out in a semi-
circle behind her. She winced as she looked back and around at her opponents, her injuries
protesting with loud, searing lances of pain. She hadn't at all recovered from last night.
Shut up, you stupid injuries! You can heal when I'm done kicking their asses! She thought,
face screwed up in concentration, as she focused on their apparent leader.
"Okay," he said, "So you got some moves. Doesn't change a damn thing, my boy."
Ryūnosuke seethed. "I said. I'm a chick."
The man in leather gestured at her. "Are you sure?"
"A hundred percent!" Ryūnosuke bellowed back. "I was born a chick; I got the chick bits to
prove it!"
The young man in leather craned back slightly in disgust. "Uh huh, not interested in seeing
any of that gross stuff, Tama-kun."
Ryūnosuke grimaced as the circle of men behind her began to spread around her. She looked
left and then right, grimacing as her attackers came into view.
Like the young man they were all dressed in leather, but with short-shorts, kneepads, and
boots instead of tight leather pants. They wore studded caps and white domino masks that
covered their eyes and parts of their faces.
Looking at them made her tremble in her seething rage as she remembered the night before—
but she pushed the memory down and focused on her anger. It kept her adrenaline up and
numbed the pain, she was going to need every ounce of it to win.
"Now if you want to take the beating you're about to get like a man, then you're more than
welcome to it," their apparent leader said. "But if you're as much a lady as you say, then make
like one—lift up your skirt and run as fast away as you can."
Suzuki finally spoke up. "Oi, Kamaitachi!"
The pretty young man in leather looked at the Host Martial Artist. "Excuse you, Suzu-kun?"
"We had an agreement," Suzuki said. "You don't lay a single hand on a woman."
Kamaitachi, as he was named, lifted his brows and pulled back. "Ah…"
Ryūnosuke snapped at him. "Shut up, asshole! I don't need you Pick-Up losers speaking for
me!"
Suzuki rebuked her as flicked his hair and struck a fabulous pose, the air sparkling around
him. "As a Host Martial Artist, it is my sworn duty to tend to the needs of any lady I meet! I
will not stand by and let one be assaulted, right boys?"
His fellow hosts quickly struck fighting stances with similar flair. "Yeah!"
Kamaitachi grimaced and turned to Suzuki. "Hey, hey, let's be reasonable here. It's clear what
happened last night; this is all one big misunderstanding…"
"I don't really see what there all is to be misunderstood."
Suzuki visibly tensed up, Ryūnosuke froze, and Kamaitachi looked straight up at the roof of
the flats overlooking the confrontation. Standing on the edge of the roof, a newly illuminated
crescent moon above them, were Akane and Katie—the latter sipping from a cup of boba tea.
"Well…" Katie conceded. "… There is something I'm misunderstanding."
She made a short sweeping gesture at the men surrounding Ryūnosuke. "… What's with all
the Leather Daddies?"
"It looks like a bunch of Hard Gay cosplay." Akane chimed in.
Katie turned her head to look at Akane, taking a final sip of her drink, before she asked.
"Hard what?"
"There was this comedian a few years back who would dress up like that and do over-the-top
gay stuff for laughs. It was… an interesting time." Akane said, trying to keep the chatter
down. "He was even a wrestler for a bit."
"You know, let's table this conversation for after we're done here." Katie said before she
looked down at the group.
Ryūnosuke screamed at them. "MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS!"
Kamaitachi was inclined to agree, speaking with an edge of disgust. "Yeah, I'm already trying
to get rid of one alleged girl; no need to turn a perfectly good sausage party into a clam
bake."
Katie pointed at Ryūnosuke. "You shut your mouth." She pointed at Kamaitachi. "And you
shut yours. The only reason we're here is because you assholes are startin' mess in our neck o'
the woods."
Akane agreed. "We took on the Mendō family for starting trouble with us, what makes you
think we're gonna be intimidated by any of you?"
Kamaitachi sighed. "Ugh, fine." He turned to the leather daddies Katie had been so confused
about. "Apply the boots to them, light style. They're delicate."
Katie glanced at her kouhai. "Hon, show 'em how delicate you are."
"Right," Akane said, before she leaned forward as if to fall off the roof and then kicked off
the edge—launching herself past Ryūnosuke like a missile into the crowd.
The men in leather scattered back from her as she landed, giving her pick of the crowd
around her, a man wielding a metal pipe. Where he hesitated, she did not, running at him and
unleashing quick open hand strikes that the man clumsily blocked with the pipe.
Just as soon as she focused on him with her attack, she was swarmed on all her remaining
sides by four more men, all hooting and hollering in high-pitched, effeminate voices as they
brought their own weapons down on her.
A metal pipe falling for the back of her head was evaded as Akane raised the knife edge of
her right hand to block a wooden chair leg wielded as a club, while simultaneously kicking
the man who struck from her previous left with a piece of rebar and concrete. She ducked and
weaved under the pipe swung at the back of her head and palm thrust the unfortunate attacker
in the solar plexus, winding him and sending him to the ground.
Turning around, she swung a high kick up to parry the pipe of the first man she attacked.
Hooking her leg back she lashed out a second kick and struck the man across his masked
face, sending him spinning to the ground.
The man with the chair leg let out sneering kiais as he tried to connect his weapon to the
sides of her head over and over. But she ducked over the left swing, and then the right,
repeating the cycle twice more before using the movement to build momentum for a spinning
kick she connected to his chin that lifted him off his feet.
More men swarming in on Akane were stopped cold when Katie slammed into the ground in
front of them.
She looked up at them from her landing crouch. "Lemme see how delicate y'all are…!"
Coming up from the crouch she leaped and grabbed the head of one man to drag his face
down into her knee with a hard crunch from both his mask and the face underneath it. The
force of the blows removed the man's cap, revealing the worst male pattern baldness but also
enough hair around the back of his head for Katie to use to haul him up so she could punch
him hard in his solar plexus before throwing him down, defeated.
Two attacked from Katie's sides, trying to swing steel bars for her head. Blocking both, she
caught the man to her right in the stomach with a quick punch with the back of her right
hand, then shot her elbow up to connect with his chin.
Turning to face the attacker on her left, she brought her right hand up to catch his pipe-
wielding hand's wrist, then pulled him in and past her to lock his arm. In full control she
brought him around to block a pipe swung like a bat, crashing across her human shield's face
before she kicked him in the back and into her latest attacker, sending both toppling over.
A new weapon came at her, the curved blade of a sickle. Ducking under it to her right, she
twisted around to bring her left knee up to smash into her attacker's exposed shoulder with a
crunch and a high-pitched scream from the man that was cut short when Katie power-kicked
him in the chest, throwing him onto his back.
Despite the swift defeats, the swarm continued to attack, mobbing closer to the girls without
hesitation or regard for personal safety.
Outside the mob, Kamitachi edged backward, watching the fight with a sudden laser focus
that replaced his flippant nonchalance from before.
Suzuki and his pals were also drawing back, the Host Martial Arts young master wanting
nothing of this beating with his friends in full agreement. He looked at Kamaitachi, who met
his gaze with a sharp look that conveyed that there were matters still to discuss.
Akane was defensive, the space around her an absolute territory that invited you to get close
if you've grown tired of not having your ass kicked. This zone moved with her and was
unshakeable, as her quick movements to avoid their attacks allowed her to come back with
heavy blows of her own.
He's holding that pipe like a sword. Akane observed a tall, lanky leather daddy standing
across from her like this was a fighting game. But only how he remembers seeing it on TV.
His grip is poor, his posture is lacking, his stance is weak.
The man came forward, but not as fast as he needed to. Even though it had only been a
couple days, Akane knew how to deal with someone bold enough to rush her with a weapon.
From his perspective, she didn't move so much as lag teleport around his overhand swing, her
right hand coming from the side to disarm him. And then, just as he realized he had lost his
weapon, he then lost consciousness—and some teeth—to Akane punching him in the face.
The weapons are giving them courage, the crowd too. Akane assessed, standing resolute,
eyeing the shifting mass of men with a patient eye, before going on the offensive.
Katie continued to put her longer frame to use, being as tall or taller than most of the crowd
allowed her to abuse her reach even against armed opponents. Moving faster than they could
track, sending them scattering with blows beyond their comprehension in terms of strength.
All in all, it was like they had tripped over a wild animal that just so happened to look like a
human.
One of the men wielding a bat took a knee to the sternum, rocketing him across the lot at high
speed. Another with a sickle overextended his sloppy slash and received a kick to the head
that made him crumple to the ground where he stood.
Another man with a two by four tried his luck and won a full body uppercut for his trouble
that took him out of his leather boots.
Attackin' from all directions at once with weapons, I'm startin' to see how they win their
fights, but there's something else. She thought.
Another leather daddy tried to spear Katie, but she caught him by his shoulder and neck to
spin him around and throw at Akane, who grabbed him in a headlock as she vaulted over his
back to kick another in the face.
Securing the headlock, she turned around and threw the man at Kamaitachi in turn, who had
more than enough sense of mind to sidestep the human projectile.
From right behind that flung body, and the blind spot it created, Ryūnosuke jumped into a
flying kick that Kamaitachi blocked with his raised right forearm.
Undeterred, Ryūnosuke turned it into a bicycle kick, stomping down on Kamaitachi.
Switching arms to block each kick, the leather-clad young man windmilled them to parry the
spin-kicks she swung at his head as gravity finally took hold of her.
Springing off Kamaitachi's arm after her last kick, Ryūnosuke landed and lunged at him,
using jabs mixed up with quick kicks to ward off counter attacks. Kamaitachi moved with
Ryūnosuke, expertly parrying the strikes while staying just at the knife's edge of the brawler's
reach.
"Oh so you actually got some moves?" Kamaitachi asked with a smirk as he slapped aside
another jab, then darted around Ryūnosuke, getting behind her.
Ryūnosuke switched directions with a high kick that grazed Kamaitachi's face before ducking
under a return kick from the leather-clad man.
She came up, blocking a back fist, and they went hand-over-hand, trying to catch and lock the
other's wrist before she won out and turned to throw Kamaitachi at the lot's other fence.
Recovering from the throw, Kamaitachi still hit the fence hard, and rolled along it to evade
the wood-splintering front-kick Ryūnosuke had addressed for his face. As he pushed off,
Ryūnosuke came at him fast, and switching from crescent to roundhouse kicks in short order,
pushing him back before he blocked her leg and pulled her in by it.
Holding her leg, he smiled. "I see, you learned to fight on the streets, too."
Ryūnosuke broke his hold and swung for his face, but he caught her fist and smiled. "We're
exactly alike, Tama-kun."
"Wha–?"
Ryūnosuke lost her voice when he drove a hard punch into her ribs. Pain flashed through
Ryūnosuke's anger, stunning her long enough for Kamaitachi to bring his hand up and
backhand her, sending her spinning to the ground.
Kamaitachi held up his hand, and the men in leather fighting Katie and Akane who were still
standing suddenly pulled back.
Katie and Akane both turned to Kamaitachi, who placed his foot on the coughing
Ryūnosuke's chest. "Now that I've got your attention…"
He pushed his foot down, and Ryūnosuke screamed in pain.
Katie and Akane both bristled, before he pulled his foot back and rolled her away with a
relatively light kick.
"She's done, take her home," he said.
Reaching behind his back, he slowly pulled out a pair of long, curved swords that looked less
like scythes and more like shotels.
Twirling them, he dug the tips down into the ground and dragged them through it, creating
trails of sparks before bringing up the weapons and crossing them in front of him.
"Otherwise, we can get serious, and I guarantee none of you are walking away."
Katie looked at Akane, who didn't flinch for even an instant at the threatening display.
Turning back to Kamaitachi, she offered a counter-proposal. "Ha, sounds fine to me, but yer
not gonna like where I put them blades of yours."
Akane added. "Here's a hint: it's in the same neighborhood where I'm gonna put my foot."
Kamaitachi mulled on that, then licked his lips. "Heh… okay, I'll take that bet."
"Don't."
Sōban's slow, deep voice stopped Kamaitachi cold. The massive haymaker that he connected
to the side of his head, got him moving though—at high speed, bouncing off the front
windscreen of a parked car and cracking it.
His body ragdolled end over end into the trash pick-up area in front of the two-story flat and
he lay limp in heaps of garbage bags for a few seconds before lifting his head up to look at
Butsumetsu's Ace in disbelief.
Sōban lowered his hand. "The house always wins."
The mood immediately changed, as the remaining men in leather quickly fled in a panic,
grabbing up their wounded and hauling them away as fast as they could. Getting up,
Kamaitachi glared at Sōban.
"It's way past your bedtime, ugly," he snarled.
Sōban's sunglasses-at-night-hidden eyes glowered at Kamaitachi as he answered. "I may be
ugly, but I'm the good guy here. Leave."
Kamaitachi snarled, got up, and moved with such speed that he vanished from where he
stood. Katie and Akane looked back to see the leather men scatter like gazelle from a
cheetah, bolting off into dark alleys and around corners. On further inspection, she realized
Suzuki and his squad were gone, too—having disappeared entirely before the fight ground to
a halt.
Both girls looked at each other and shared a nod, before Akane stepped forward to Sōban. "I
thought you didn't come out at night."
Sōban turned to the Furinkan students. "Got called to help."
Curly walked over. "One of the lunch ladies called, said there were a buncha weirdos in the
lot next to her place. We ain't gonna say no to helpin' anyone who feeds our guys for free,
don't care how dark it is."
Katie smiled. "Well, ain't that sweet of y'all."
Curly rubbed the back of his head, blushing. "It's nothin'… "
Sōban nodded. "Thanks."
He looked down at Ryūnosuke, who whimpered as she clutched her ribs. "She good?"
Akane shook her head. "Probably not, he hit her hard…"
She walked over to Ryūnosuke, who immediately lashed out at her with a "Shut up… I'm
fine!"
Slowly rolling over onto her left arm, she pushed herself up to her knees and stood up—
hunched over, breathing ragged. "I'm fine… haahn… haa… nngh… I didn't need your
freak… your freaking help!"
Akane was immediately annoyed by her stubbornness. "Uh huh? You were gonna fight him
and all his creepy friends?!"
"That's none of yer business!" Ryūnosuke shouted back at her. "Don't get in my way, I
could've taken them!"
Akane huffed. "Actually, yeah, you could have. Those guys were weak, how'd you and
Ucchan even lose to them?"
Ryūnosuke grunted and looked away. "Shut up."
Katie spoke up. "Is it because they caught you by surprise while you were too busy laughing
at their ridiculous getup?"
Ryūnosuke froze, going beyond the pale her injuries made her.
Akane looked at Katie. "Yeah, I was thinking the same thing, actually."
Ryūnosuke, exposed, sank to her knees and stared down at them—unwilling to look at
anything or anyone else.
Sōban added his two yen. "Yeah, that's how they get you."
This caught the attention of both Akane and Katie, and they looked up at Sōban in surprise.
Akane spoke what both were thinking. "… You know who they are."
"Yeah," Sōban said.
Curly confirmed it. "The boss didn't want to talk about it in front of the guys and scare 'em."
Katie put her hands on her hips. "So… lemme wind the tow cable back a bit. There's a gang
of leather daddies running around beating everybody they come across up—and the main
reason they're winnin' is because the people they're fightin' can't take them serious until
they're literally hit over the head."
"Yeah," Sōban said.
Akane pieced it together. "And they're too embarrassed to say who they lost to…" She
stopped and gasped. "Oh wow, no wonder everyone we talked to said it was Suzuki who beat
them."
Curly nodded. "It's how they get guys to join 'em, too."
Katie got that. "Shoot, lemme guess. They punch a guy up and blackmail him into joining. A
fancy mask to hide the shame of losing to… to that?"
"Yeah," Curly confirmed. "It's why they're way scarier than you think. These guys, they were
new, probably doing initiations if they were with that weasel."
"Initiations…" Akane said. "… So, they're building up?"
"They did it before, too. Years and years ago, when I was real little. They went around,
makin' all kinds of guys join… lookin' to pick a fight with this one guy who hated 'em."
Katie and Akane exchanged surprised looks, then turned to Sōban and Curly. "What
happened?"
Curly shrugged his shoulders. "Dunno. They didn't get what they wanted, but they didn't lose
either. The guy they wanted to fight didn't show up. Or he died or somethin'. After that they
just faded away and disappeared a couple years ago.
He glanced up at Sōban. "The boss had a bad feeling they'd be back, now that it's SAD. Be
careful and watch your backs. In the old days they didn't hold back against any girls."
Katie folded her arms. "Huh… is that so?"
Sōban nodded slowly. "Their old boss hated women, didn't even think they were people."
Akane felt a shudder run through her at the very idea. "They seemed pretty hesitant about it
tonight."
"And that pretty boy Suzuki was calling the shots," Katie said. "Said they had a deal and
everything to not fight women."
Both Curly and Sōban were confused by that, and Sōban looked at Curly. "… That ain't
right."
Curly agreed. "Somethin' strange is goin' on…"
Ryūnosuke slowly pushed herself back up onto her feet, breathing heavily. Katie turned to
her. "Hey, y'all good? We can take you to Tofu–"
"Shut up," Ryūnosuke snapped at her.
Akane's nose wrinkled as she glared at her. "Are you really going to be like this just because
you lost to them?!"
"I'm going to be whatever I want to be like! I didn't ask for your help, and I'm not going to
lose to those perverted leather clowns!" She pointed at Akane and Katie. "Don't you say a
god damned word about this to anyone, you hear me?!"
Wheezing, she turned around and hobbled away from them—shooting back a final glare to
ensure she wasn't being followed before stepping out of sight.
"Nabiki wasn't kidding about that pride thing, huh?" Katie said to Akane.
That twigged Akane something fierce, and she shot her senpai a glare. Katie couldn't help her
snicker at the reaction. "Face it, hon, she is right."
"I would never be that hard-headed!" Akane said, pointing after Ryūnosuke.
"Yer bein' hard-headed about being hard-headed, you know," Katie pointed out.
"I am not!" Akane said, totally being hard-headed about being hard-headed.
"Yeah, you are," Curly and Sōban pointed out.
"Thank you," Katie praised the big man.
Akane threw up her hands in frustration and changed the subject. "Sōban-san! Curly-san! Do
these guys have a name? Are they an actual group or are they just a bunch of weirdos who
wear leather?!"
Sōban nodded.
"Yeah. They're called The Sickle Gang."
Chapter End Notes
Yeah, about the only deeper cut would be the Red Cat Gang. Probably. Meet the Sickle
Gang, the made-for-TV villains of the Ranma 1/2 Live Action Special that came out in
2011. If you've seen the Live Action Special or know anything about Razor Ramon HG,
you have an idea how silly this is gonna get.
Chapter 25: For Whom The Bell Tolls
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Suzuki, a smoldering cigarette in hand, stood midway on the steps of his Host Club, a
petulant expression on his face, as Kamaitachi walked up to the foot of the stairs. No other
members of either leaders' gang were in sight, leaving this meeting just between the two of
them. As Kamaitachi set one foot on the bottom stair and looked up at him, Suzuki looked
down at him.
"I'm not mad," Suzuki said, "Not about you getting into it with those gorilla girls from
Furinkan. We're cool, there."
Kamaitachi looked a bit relieved to hear that. "Okay, and I meant it when I said they were
boys with an okonomiyaki cart. That 'girl' who showed up was dressed like one then, too."
Suzuki took a drag from his cigarette, still seething. "Of course."
Kamaitachi shrugged his shoulders. "Just deny you had anything to do with it. It'll be easy."
"Easy? Easy?!" He gestured with a hand in the direction of Furinkan as he snapped at
Kamaitachi. "Those gorilla girls are onto me, and so is that freaking moron Sōban! You need
to do something about all of them, so it doesn't get around that I'm not the Top G around
here!"
Kamaitachi looked off to the side, then sighed. "Bro, your status as Top G is not in question.
Nonetheless, I'll take care of Sōban and those girls, but I'm gonna need a guarantee from
you."
Suzuki blew out a plume of smoke after another cigarette drag. "What?"
"I need to know who has the deets on the Shrine."
Suzuki frowned.
Kamaitachi pouted. "Come on, Suzu-kun! I've done all this for you! I've helped boost Moon
Parlor Crown up over all the others! You can't tell me what I need to know, when now you're
asking me to go after people as strong as Sōban?"
He pointed admonishingly at Suzuki. "This is the guy Lum Invader couldn't beat in a straight
fight! This is serious!"
Suzuki's frown deepened; he might be self-absorbed, but he wasn't a fool. "All right, quit
whining. Mess Sōban and those girls up bad, make sure none of 'em can even say a word, and
I'll tell you the details."
Kamaitachi lit up, and he smirked to Suzuki. "You're saving my life, bro, thanks."
Suzuki clicked his teeth and looked away.
Backing up from the steps, Kamaitachi turned from him. "I'll shut 'em all down by the end of
the week."
In a flicker, the leather-clad man vanished and left the street empty.
After a few moments of burning down the cigarettes and seething, Suzuki crushed it in his
hand and tossed it away. "Eh… such a weirdo freak…"
As he turned to walk back up the stairs, a projectile struck the step just before his foot
touched it. He nearly fell down the steps and stared at the spatula that had split the concrete
step like it had been made of butter.
Suzuki looked from the spatula to the railing along the walkway in front of the Host Club.
Ucchan was perched upon it, squatting down with his elbows on his knees and his wide eyes
burning a glare into his.
"Oi," he said, before tilting his head like a bird sizing up something small that it wanted to
kill and eat.
Suzuki wasn't intimidated. "Can I help you?"
"You can help me, help you," Ucchan replied. "Pay me back for my cart and the money those
leather freaks stole, and I won't punch you in the face until you're uglier than Sōban."
He looked down the street, presumably in the direction Kamaitachi disappeared in at high
speed, then back at Suzuki. "And you also won't have to worry about any more arrangements
you have with said leather freaks."
There was a quiet, seething rage—a frenzied feeling of unrelenting violence lashed into the
calmest threat anyone had ever spoken to Suzuki in his life. Reaching into his jacket, he
pulled out another cigarette.
"Can you do it?" He asked.
Ucchan nodded. "Sure can. Those freaks only got one over on me because I fell for how
ridiculous they look; now the first thing I want to do when I see them is give them the
pounding the definitely don't want."
Suzuki heard a shuffling from behind Ucchan, and then found one of his Hosts—battered and
bleeding—hobbling over to the top of the steps. Reaching out to Suzuki, the formerly
handsome young man croaked out Suzuki's name then collapsed unconscious, tumbling down
past him to the sidewalk below.
Ucchan looked back towards the Host club. "Kinda like what I did to your boys in there who
weren't too hospitable when I came by looking for your ass."
Wide-eyed, Suzuki forgot all about the host lying at the bottom of the steps and rushed into
his club. Swinging open the door, he stopped when he saw it a complete ruin—trashed from
floor to ceiling with broken tables, booths, and all matter of alcohol bottles broken on the
floors and walls.
The club's entertainment for that evening, each host an excellent martial artist, were laid out
with all manner of injuries as a result of fighting Ucchan.
He looked back at Ucchan, still perched on the railing, now looking back at him out the
corner of his right eye, his left hand gripping the blood-splattered spatula carried on his back.
"Well?" He asked. "What do you say there, sugar?"
Suzuki let the cigarette to drop from his mouth, smoke still wisping from his lips as he closed
them to swallow nervously. Pulling from the door, he gestured inside.
"… The safe should have what you need."
@@@@@
Coughing, Ryūnosuke slowly meandered down the empty hallway of Tomobiki High School,
heading towards her destination—the school's commissary and store. Her hand held around
her waist, her vision blurring from the pain, she walked with gritted teeth and her anger kept
steady by the thoughts repeating in her mind.
"So, you got some moves. Doesn't change a damn thing, my boy."
"I said. I'm a chick."
"Are you sure?"
She clenched her teeth harder as she reached the school store's sliding door and rested her
hand on the handle. Her face red and her eyes wet from the tears caused by the stabbing pain
in her ribs, she took a deep breath to steady herself.
"We're exactly alike, Tama-kun."
Ryūnosuke tightened her grip on the door handle.
"We ain't alike," she snarled quietly. "The hell we are. I ain't some dude with a leather kink
who doesn't have an ounce of shame in public! I'm a chick… I've always been a chick… and
no one is ever going to say differently…!"
She swung open the door, sending it banging off the doorway at the end of its rail.
Sitting on the store's tatami mats by a low table set out for after its closure at the end of the
school day, was a black-haired man in white shirt and pants with a yellow brown haramaki
around his waist. He held in one hand a bowl of rice and a pair of chopsticks over a platter of
badly cooked meat, vegetables, and miso.
"Welcome home, Ryūnosuke my son, who has always been my son, and will forever be my
son in spite of his delusions of being a woman." Ryūnosuke's father greeted her.
Ryūnosuke stared at her father, her expression stony.
Her father stared back, stoic, his angular features betraying no emotion beyond laser-focus.
Lowering her hand from around her waist, Ryūnosuke calmly walked into the store-turned
living room and over to the other side of the table from her father. He raised a clump of rise
to his lips as he watched her cross the room.
Once at the other side of the table, Ryūnosuke and her father again exchanged a silent stare.
Then she hooked her foot under it and kicked the whole table up to slam into her father's face
with thunderous force.
The table shattered into splinters with the force of her father's karate chop as he roared at her.
"IDIOT BOY, DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW MUCH THAT FOOD COST?!"
Ryūnosuke's flying kick smashed into his face and her old man went flipping end over end to
crash into some bamboo screens that were set up in front of the shelves of products that
students would purchase during the school day. "I am not in the god damn mood, Pop! So,
you're gonna shut the hell up with YOUR delusion!"
Fujinami-san sprang to his feet and raised his fists. He scanned Ryūnosuke from top to
bottom and hummed. "You're injured. What happened?"
"I've been getting into fights." Ryūnosuke spat back.
Fujinami-san hummed in acknowledgement, before asking. "Are ya winning, son?"
Ryūnosuke, seeing red, threw herself across the room at her father. "SHUT THE HELL UP!"
Her father quickly dropped into a low, wide stance and blocked the rolling kick she unleashed
when she reached him with his right arm. Still in the stance, he parried the barrage of kicks
she followed with using just that arm.
"I'm not in the mood! For dealing with your crap!" She yelled while switching from one foot
to the other for her repeated kicks. "Least of all you! The shittiest father who ever lived!"
Fujinami-san caught Ryūnosuke's foot and casually flipped her into the air back away from
him. "Your anger makes you sloppy my boy–"
In mid-flip Ryūnosuke twisted her body around and spin-kicked her father in the jaw, sending
him twirling off to her left and collapsing against the bamboo screens.
"And your stupidity makes you easy!" She shot towards him, but he blocked the punch she
aimed for his head with the back of his left hand, then he kicked her right leg from under her
before punting her in the chin.
"Stupid?! I'm not the shameful first son of a man of the sea obsessed with this stupid idea that
he's a woman!" As Ryūnosuke crashed onto the remains of the table, her father looked aside,
tears running down his face.
"Masako, my beloved wife. I fight and struggle so hard in your memory, in your spirit… but
this boy is dead set on betraying his born manliness…!"
Kicking up from the prone position, Ryūnosuke landed and felt nothing from pain. Snarling,
she rushed at her old man again. "I'm a chick! I'm a chick! I'M A CHICK!"
Her father blocked the two haymakers Ryūnosuke sloppily threw at him, but as he opened his
mouth to point out something stupid, like that she hit like a man, her uppercut connected with
his chin and up his whole body went into the wooden ceiling of the school store. With a
crunch, his head and shoulders punched through, and his body dangled from the hole he
made.
"I'll punch you as many times as I need to freaking say it!" She screamed at her father.
Dangling there in silence for a moment, her father held a thumb's up. "That was one hell of a
hot-blooded hit, son. Like a wave surging up a cliff."
Ryūnosuke screamed in pain and frustration and stormed out of the store. "FUCK YOU!"
Her father just dangled there. "… Wow, rude."
Marching outside, Ryūnosuke left the school and headed towards the river. The wispy
condensation shot from her nose like steam into the cool night air with her every breath, as
her enraging encounters succeeded in making her forget her pain and the red stains forming
in her white shirt.
"Screw them both! With a rusty freaking metal bat!" She snarled as she reached the corner
where Ucchan's stand had stood.
Looking at the spot where the okonomiyaki cart stood, she looked further down the street she
stood on, at the curb where she and Ucchan had been attacked.
Her eyes darkened as she remembered that night. It happened exactly as it had been said—the
moment the attackers of those pretty boys that offered their protection emerged, both she and
Ucchan couldn't help themselves.
They broke into laughter at their ridiculous attire, and the way they pranced around like girly
idiots, and they were cracking wise about their leather duds and masks to hide their faces…
when another half dozen of them got the drop on them from behind.
She thought about those weaklings that Katie and Akane manhandled. It burned her to the
core to think that those losers were able to get in a cheap shot and leave her broken on the
side of the street. But even that fire was incinerated knowing that she got jumped for that
reason. Then there was Kamaitachi, and her Dad… everything making her angrier and
angrier.
"Is it too much for someone to acknowledge that I am a freaking chick?!" She yelled.
And there was Moroboshi Ataru, as if her cry to the universe was answered by a hateful God.
"Ryū-chan!" He called as he approached her. "I'm glad I ran into you! Lum's trying to cook
me dinner, but since I love having a stomach lining, how about you and me grab a bite to eat?
I'm buying!"
Ryūnosuke quietly asked said hateful God what the fuck she did to deserve this, before
turning to face him. "Not fucking today, Moroboshi, fuck off!"
Ataru backpedaled. "Oi, oi, what's wrong?"
He took notice of Ryūnosuke's condition and hummed. "Are you okay?"
"I'm. Fine." Ryūnosuke snarled at him. "I've just been fightin' more than usual the last couple
days."
Ataru looked Ryūnosuke over, then beamed. "Kicking butt as usual, huh? Then let's celebrate
the win streak! Seriously, there's a nice little place where we can have dinner…"
Ryūnosuke's left lower eyelid twitched upward violently, as her fists clenched and
unclenched. "Moroboshi… go away."
Recognizing the looming threat of violence, Ataru switched it up. "Hey, I'm not offering a
date! Just a free meal as a reward for a hard day. It'd just be that I'd happen to be there too!
We can talk about how it went; you can give me the punch-by-punch details, it'll be fun!
C'mon…"
She turned her head to look at him. "Am I allowed to not be bothered by you, or do you not
care what I want either?"
Ataru answered that by entering the deadly zone within her reach. "You look stressed out,
Ryū-chan, and I want to be by your side to help you through it."
Lifting her hand, she pointed at him between his eyes. "You're stressing me out."
He reached up, gently took her hand in his, and lowered it from his face to clasp it in both.
"… Then give me a chance to be your relief, instead."
Ryūnosuke took him up on that offer, but she did not feel any better after dunking him into a
conveniently nearby trash bin.
She trundled off, heading down to the river and the wall on the other side that divided the
Special Administration District and the rest of Tokyo. There was no fence on her side of the
river, just a concrete slope down to the edge, which she sat at the top of.
Anger began to cool off, leaving only frustration and loathing in its wake, as she stared at the
slow-flowing water reflecting the street lights above her. Her injuries throbbed, adding to her
misery as she thought about the last day and a half.
Ataru, her Dad, Kamaitachi, Katie and Akane, Ryōko and her dumbass brother yesterday…
they all had the same damn thing in common.
"Fuck me, right? What does what I say matter?" She said. "I can't say I'm a chick, I can't say I
wanna be left alone, I can't say that I want to get revenge… I can't even get a freaking
lunch…"
She sighed and stared at the water.
"I miss the sea. I could go there and forget all this crap for a while."
She stopped and grumbled.
"Yeah, and then I'd be back to square one all over again. Dealing with people who either
think I'm a guy, want me to be a guy, or only care about me being a girl because they want to
date me."
She stewed in silence, her head sinking lower as she drew her legs to her chest.
This was a mistake.
Her ribs were still shot.
"Ow."
She sat still, unwilling to move and cause more pain to shoot through her. A fair amount of
time passed with her watching the river in silence, when footsteps approaching her broke the
ambience of the water below.
She looked up at the red-haired foreign man who walked up to her, professionally dressed in
a dark suit, looking down at her with green eyes that reminded her more of an animal's than
any bestial look Ataru could put on when he was feeling particularly inhuman.
She stared at the man, this stranger, wondering what he could possibly want with her.
"So… rough night?" He asked.
"Screw off," she muttered before looking down at the river.
The man hummed, before he asked. "Do you want to talk about it?"
Ryūnosuke closed her eyes. "I dunno, do you want to actually listen? Maybe even give a
damn about what I gotta talk about?"
The man mulled over that response, and despite that nice suit he was wearing, he sat down
beside Ryūnosuke—staying out of arm's reach but still close enough that his presence could
not be ignored—and faced her. "Shoot, I'm game. Let's hear it."
Rather than simply start spilling her guts, Ryūnosuke opened her eyes and stared at him like
he was something weird for this town.
"Seriously?" She asked.
He nodded. "Get everything you want off your chest. Heck, pretend I'm not even here if it
helps, kiddo. You deserve that much, at least."
Ryūnosuke kept staring at him, still unsure what to make of this. "… Uh huh? Who are you,
old guy?"
The man smiled at the girl.
"You can call me Nick."
@@@@@
Kodachi had fired half the faculty of Furinkan High School.
Between the teachers who were lax on their jobs, the teachers who did not know how to do
their jobs, and the teachers whose negligence—if not outright contempt—enabled the
reckless activities of Kuno Tatewaki… exactly half of the faculty body of the school were let
go by the end of the hours long review.
It was past sunset by the time the doors to the gymnasium finally opened, and the remaining
teachers were finally free to leave for home.
They marched out, looking not unlike the male students of the school—broken, bleak, in
many ways defeated. It had been humiliating, a moment that stretched to infinity to shatter
their illusion of superiority.
While many were not bad teachers or even bad people, the main reason they felt down was
how out of the blue it was, and how it seemed they were still but another whim away from
being fired as well.
Fanning herself, Nabiki walked out of the gymnasium to bring up the rear, Kodachi right
behind her, and Vice-Principal Okamada as the very last.
"Oooh, that needed to happen," Nabiki said to Kodachi, a bit proud at how thorough the
review was. "The ones that are left have a chance to get their act together or accept that
they're not up to the new standards."
"Regardless of their fates, this fat-trimming was long overdue," Kodachi noted.
"True that." Nabiki looked back at Okamada, making sure to keep him in her sights to
overcome his lack of presence.
Nevertheless, she chose to speak of him like he was not present. "So, what's going to happen
to the Vice-Principal? He's got a bit to answer for himself, after all."
"The time for him will come, once the replacements for those fired settle in"" Kodachi
answered, similarly without care for the man—either in how he might take it or in general.
"The Vice-Principal's job is often to help corral the staff as it is to serve as the second in
command."
"Good thing it's Golden Week," Nabiki said. "We have a few days to find someone."
Kodachi waved her hand. "I've had my servant prepare a shortlist of replacements."
Nabiki regarded that with skepticism. "You mean that little ninja? Is he qualified for that?"
"You'd be surprised what Sarugakure Sasuke is capable of. His family have been in the
service of ours for generations, and they are held up to a very high standard," Kodachi
revealed. "Though, not in the realm of martial prowess."
Nabiki hummed. "So, a traditional shinobi. Hey, what's a girl gotta do to borrow a Swiss
Army Ninja?"
Kodachi gave her a pointed side-eye. "Consider full time employment with that ninja's
mistress."
Nabiki returned that look with the same smarminess. "A tempting offer, but I'm not about to
sign a contract just yet."
With a gentler version of her over the top laugh, Kodachi conceded. "As you wish, but the
pond will remain open for whenever you want to take the plunge."
Vice-Principal Okamada spoke. "Kodachi-san."
And somehow, she heard him. "Yes, Vice-Principal?"
"Do you truly believe that you are up for the task that you have set for yourself?" He asked.
Kodachi scowled. "If you mean to present this as concern for the future of the school, you
should look in the mirror and remember your failure in running this school is why I'm here."
Nabiki rolled her eyes. "Seriously, what are you trying to achieve with this passive-
aggressive crap? Plug in some self-doubt? Do a little bit of negging to chip away at our self-
esteem?"
Kodachi turned to Nabiki. "Remind us that we are Japanese, and so we must feel shame for
any action we take that society may not approve of."
This won a hard to achieve laugh from Nabiki, her derision dripping from the bark. "HA!
Even more so because we're women, right?"
A twitch ran through the Vice-Principal.
"Being considerate of society is only one concern…"
Nabiki faced Okamada, allowing her mask to slip and reveal the venomous bile her aloof
nature concealed. "Hey, listen, baldy basic. In case you've forgotten? This entire country has
decided that we're not Japanese enough to consider keeping—and sold us off to the
Neptunians so they could get rid of Moroboshi Ataru in the deal. Why the hell should we be
so considerate of society, when they didn't think much of us in the first place—kinda like
you?"
Kodachi followed right after that. "If you are so concerned for this school's future, then by all
means Vice-Principal: do your job."
Okamada felt another twitch seize him.
"My father walked all over you, and you stayed down for my brother to trample upon your
back at his pleasure. Now, however? Now you decide that it is time to make a stand, but you
only come up to your knees?!"
She stepped up to the man, coming up to only his shoulder but looming over him in every
possible way. "How is it that you can be a full head taller than me, and you still must look
up?!"
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, dismiss.
"Kodachi-san–"
"Kodachi-sama," she corrected.
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, dismiss.
"I have done my job–"
"Liar!" She retorted.
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, dismiss.
"The changes brought by the SAD–"
"Are plainly obvious to everyone!" She yelled at him.
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, dismiss.
"You are not in your right mind–"
"One must be out of their mind to change anything in this wretched country!" She countered.
Defer, demure, deflect, degrade, dis–
"SHUT UP YOU SPOILED, ENTITLED, JUMPED UP WRETCH OF A GIRL!"
His yell was able to make Nabiki jump, recoiling from Okamada in surprise. The anger in his
voice brought Kodachi's eyebrows up, and the force of his shout blew her side-bunched hair
backward.
Bathed in sweat, shaking where he stood, Vice-Principal Okamada pointed at her. "You
think… you can just come here, acting so high and mighty, after breaking out of that asylum
your father paid triple the tuition to lock you inside?! Pretending that you are of sound mind
enough to take on something as vital as the head of your family'?!"
He let out a laugh. "You are a child! A girl! Your brother was the only one of your family of
maniacs who could be trusted with some kind of consistency! To do what was expected of
him and play his role as a prince of this HELL!"
He pointed at Nabiki. "But no! Thanks to your beast of a sister and that criminal ape of an
American…"
He turned back to Kodachi. "… There's you, plotting to become a Queen when you're nothing
more than a case study for the benefits of LOBOTOMY!"
Kodachi and Nabiki stared at Okamada in silence, as he slowly brought himself back to
composure. His huffing turned into panting, then into heavy breathing as he readjusted his tie,
smoothed out his collar, what remaining hair he had left, and finally adjusted his glasses and
wiped the sweat rolling down his face with a handkerchief.
Nabiki whistled. "… Well. Was that cathartic?"
He finished dabbing his face and put away his handkerchief. "Without comparison."
Nodding, she turned to Kodachi. "So…?"
Kodachi breathed in deeply. "I appreciate your honesty, Vice-Principal."
Vice-Principal Okamada nodded. "Thank you."
"It makes it easier for me to dismiss you from your position effective immediately." She
stepped aside and gestured to the school's gate. "Leave, and never return."
Former Vice-Principal Okamada sighed, as if every weight in the world had been lifted from
his shoulders.
"I hope you burn in hell."
With that he calmly walked off the property, not looking at either.
"You and both your sisters as well." He added to Nabiki as he passed her.
Kodachi watched him leave the grounds, turn left, and fall out of sight.
"Shame that ninja of yours isn't rated for actually killing someone," Nabiki said, "I'll have to
go tell Akane and her Senpai who to put on their shit list, next."
"Worry not about him; we already knew he was unfit for his position. That when his
repetitive passive-aggression could not serve him, he fell upon frothing vitriol, only
demonstrating how small and pitiable he is. Let Okamada Kamoyo fade from our memory
and from history itself—we have more important matters to concern ourselves with than
retaliating against his worthless words."
Nabiki didn't expect such a high road answer from Tatewaki's sister. She didn't expect a lot of
things from this loon, and now it had her wondering just who this girl was. Much like Katie,
however, she wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Not when she was having this much fun.
"Well, we still have Golden Week," she said.
Kodachi agreed. "Correct! We'll find suitable temporary staff in short order…"
Down the street, Okamada Kamoyo felt like he was walking on air as he left Furinkan
behind. He had said what he had felt about Kodachi and her tyrannical hysteria, about her
usurping of Furinkan High School, and about those animals that had shattered the peace he
had enjoyed so much.
He was free of that school, of kissing the dainty feet of young women, and of the disgusting
arrogance all of them dare to hold above all others.
His light footsteps grew heavier, however, and slowed down from a near skip to a slow
trudge.
At the street corner he stopped at, he watched several young men—stragglers Katie and
Akane missed—drift by as if in the wind.
Young men robbed of their youth, their dreams, of the fire that burned so passionately.
Burned for something so foolish.
His hand came up to his mouth, as a realization dawned upon him.
He was running away.
From Kodachi and her madness, from violent women who young men clamor for in vain,
from those same young men now at their mercies.
He was running away, happily! Leaving these young men to languish in the hell he declared
this Special Administration District.
"… No… this world," he whispered as his hand spread up and over his face. "… This… this
impure… hideous world…"
His breathing picked up, growing quickly into hyperventilation as he clutched at his face, his
nails digging into his skin.
"It is no one's fault but theirs. I was too meek, slow, too complacent…"
Okamada Kamoyo could not make things right.
"… I…"
Okamada Kamoyo was not the man for the job.
"… I…"
Okamada Kamoyo was incapable of anything.
"… Fufufu…"
Because Okamada Kamoyo was just a mask. One he wore for convenience.
"… I am~"
He went still. Slowly, he slid his trembling hand down his face as he breathed freely for the
first time in years. Unbound from his previous self, free to be who he truly was….
The herald of a beautiful world.
"… Madame Kamenbell."
|Escape from Shanghai|
Ranma didn't know what his father did, but somehow, they had managed to avoid that crazy
warrior girl for days after cutting through that bamboo forest—more than enough time for
them to hop aboard a train that took them straight to their final destination, the city of
Shanghai. It was their last stop, from here it was a matter of hopping aboard a ship, or a
plane, or hell just swimming all the way back to Japan.
Not that Ranma wanted to go back. Still stuck as a girl, he brooded under a dark brown cloak
as the train passed through a security checkpoint in the railyard in the harbor. He was not
alone in this railroad boxcar, as a dozen or so other people were huddled aboard it, waiting
for the inspection to come.
Beside him, Genma Saotome sat in human form, similarly cloaked and grumbling as he
looked out the partially opened doors at the pouring monsoon rains outside.
"Tell me again, why do you get to have hot water and I don't?" Ranma snarled at him.
Genma looked at his son. "Because pandas are extinct and if suddenly one were to start
dancing around in public it would draw all possible attention."
"And why can't I be a guy for this?" Ranma asked.
"Because we want to get on the first boat out of here to Japan, and they'll be more
sympathetic if an ailing father and his daughter want to escape to a better life."
Ranma saw the flaw in that plan. "And exactly how do you expect to speak to the Chinese
guards and Chinese officials when you can barely bother to understand Japanese?"
Genma nudged him. "That's why I made you study the dictionary after we lost that girl. I
need you to speak for us."
Scowling at his Dad, Ranma looked out the partially open boxcar again, seething.
"Like hell; I am not leaving China until I cure this curse," he growled.
Genma growled in frustration. "Must you continue to be so hard-headed?! That girl will kill
you before you get within a thousand kilometers of the spring!"
"Good! I would rather die than spend another second cursed to be a freaking girl!" Ranma
snapped back at him.
"Would you rather die as a girl?" Genma sharply countered.
It was a blow so low that Eddie Guerrero was calling foul, but since the ref wasn't looking
and Ranma sold everything at a discount, he slumped forward in frustration.
"… I can take her, even in this body. I took her on before, damn it!" He reasoned.
"You knocked her out once," Genma said. "Do you think she's going to just give up if you
knock her out again?"
"I'll knock her out as many times as I have to!" Ranma offered. "And it'd be easier if you
didn't run like a coward every time!"
"I'm being reasonable! We're pulling back to put distance between us and the opponent, so we
can figure out a better attack!" Genma said. "It's the Saotome School special technique!"
"Bullshit! She doesn't even want to kill you! She thinks you barely exist!" Ranma snapped at
him. "Why is it so damn important that we go back to Japan when we could be figuring out
how to beat that nutjob, then get back to Jusenkyo and find the spring that'll cure us?!"
"I have my reasons, boy! You'll appreciate them when you're older!" Genma argued, before
he heard talking coming from outside. "Now sit down and remember your lines! You have to
say a very specific thing to the guards—exactly like we practiced."
Ranma glared at his father, then looked out the doors again. Just outside were two sets of
men, all in combat fatigues and wearing clear plastic rain ponchos. Two of the men were
armed with assault rifles, the third wielded a shotgun, while the fourth man and the one
seemingly in charge had his weapons holstered for a digital clipboard.
Looking inside the car, as two of the soldiers opened the door wider, he said something in
Chinese that Ranma's study of the dictionary allowed him to understand bits and pieces of.
He was welcoming them to Shanghai, and something about congratulations and freedom.
The other passengers began talking all at once, a mixture of kind words and praise to an
Empress, but Ranma paid it no mind as he shot a look at his father.
The soldier with the clipboard then ordered a queue, so that everyone could get off the train
in an orderly fashion and get out of the rain in short order.
Genma poked Ranma's shoulder, nudging him towards the guards. "Say the line, boy. They'll
put us up to the front if there's an emergency."
Staring back at Genma, Ranma's eyes widened slightly… before they narrowed, and his lips
curled into a sinister smile.
Abruptly, he turned around, pulling his hood off to reveal his bright red hair and cute face.
With well-practiced desperation, he called out to the soldiers while pointing at Genma.
The other passengers in the box car, and the soldiers all outside looked at Ranma in shock—
and then at Genma. With all eyes on them, the elder Saotome slumped back and played the
sickly, ailing father.
Perfect, my boy. Even stubborn as you are, you cannot ignore what must be done, he thought.
Quickly two of the soldiers jumped into the box car, the rest of the passengers quickly
backing far away from Genma and Ranma, and the former gave a start at the alarm with
which they moved. What did Ranma say he was sick with?
Then the guards began yelling, angrily, with their weapons pointed at him, something Genma
did understand:
For him to lie down on the ground or die.
Falling onto his belly, Genma looked up in disbelief as Ranma kept pointing at him—saying
the same thing over and over while edging towards the doors. While calling his Chinese rusty
was generous, there were a few things Genma quickly put together as his mind raced in full
fight or flight mode that his normal laziness wouldn't allow.
Old man. Sell. Slave.
Oh, you little SHIT! Genma thought as the soldiers began to kick him while wrestling his
arms behind his back to cuff him.
With military police brutality going on inside the boxcar, Ranma stepped off it and into the
rain. Ignoring the two other soldiers' questions, he turned to them and flashed them a smile.
With a thanks and goodbye in much more cheerful Chinese, he jumped up onto the top of the
boxcar, and began running down the top of the train, towards the back end of it.
Ignoring the calls for him to stop, Ranma just kept running—a big grin spreading across his
lips. "So long, Pop! Next time you see me I'll be a whole man again!"
As he hopped the gaps between cars, he looked out over the massive port city of Shanghai
and couldn't help but let out a whistle.
He and his father had not come in through Shanghai at the start of their training journey, so
this was his first time seeing it. A sleek, gleaming metropolis even in the pouring afternoon
rain was spread out before him. Black and silver skyscrapers, like spires and monoliths,
reached up into the low clouds, many more buildings were under construction, both of a
traditional modern architecture, the wild alien aesthetic that came with Earth's visitors, and
amidst it all… a large palatial tower that served as the city's new center—a modern palace.
"Okay, why were we in the middle of nowhere rural China with horse-drawn carts and cursed
springs, when we could've been in cool Cyberpunk China with laser swords and aliens?"
Ranma asked aloud.
He shrugged his shoulders, as the end of the train came up. "Oh well, I can visit when I come
back… as a one-hundred percent man, hahaha!"
Right as he jumped onto the second to last car, his sixth sense—the very core of a martial
artist that alerted him to threats—screamed like it was being murdered. He stopped, and
barely avoided a projectile crashing into the center of the boxcar with such force that its thin
roof bent inward like a V. The violence of the reshaping threw Ranma into the air in a
ballistic flight towards the crowded city that surrounded the rail yard and port, leaving him
bewildered.
For all of three seconds.
"… Oh shit," He simply said as a familiar violet-haired human homing missile ran up and
leaped from the destroyed box car's other side, kicked off it, and hurtled at him with her twin
chuí raised for the kill.
"Ranma!" Shan Pu roared as she reached him, bringing both weapons up to swing at him.
"YOU! DIE!"
"Can you say any other freaking words?!" Ranma yelled back as he raised his hands to block
the weapons, and was launched into the streets below.
As thunder rumbled and Shan Pu fell towards the streets below and her prey, the shape of a
large black wolf emerged from another box car, and sniffed the air before the sound of
slamming and banging came from the crowded city street where the woman warrior had
launched her prey.
Turning towards the noise, the wolf shook out the rain trying to soak into it—revealing a
yellow and black bandanna around its neck—and broke into a sprint to join the battle.
Chapter End Notes
Our boy's almost home... and what a home to come back to. A lot... a whole lot is about
to go down with Volume 6 of Senpai.
Chapter 26: Volume 6 Fox Hunt: Back in Black
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The rest of Golden Week passed without incident, but with a mounting sense of tension that
made the remainder of the days off from school uneasy. In spite of Kaori's best efforts, she
had seen no sign of Ucchan after he had run off, and Ryūnosuke had disappeared completely
after her run in with Kamaitachi in the park.
Most troubling of all though, was that there was no report of any unusual activity after dark
in the SAD. No fights, no muggings, nothing. It was as if all the troubles in Nerima had taken
three days off like everyone else.
Leaving her apartment, Katie headed downstairs to the front, and found Anya sweeping the
front steps of the building. An unusual sight at such an early part of the day. "Huh… I don't
normally get to say goodbye."
Anya grumbled. "That is because last night I closed early. Business has been shit all week
and it's on my nerves."
Katie could understand why. "Yeah, I don't blame folks none for stayin' in. There's a bad
moon on the rise 'round here. Ain't nowhere feelin' safe."
Anya let out a dark chuckle. "So, your Uncle must be visiting, then?"
That won a frown from Katie. "Really, now?"
"I am just saying," Anya said with a mysterious tune to her amusement.
"Hopefully this tension in the air'll blow over or blow up soon."
The old woman eyed her tenant. "Either way you'll be there when it does?"
"Ayup!" Katie said before bowing to Anya and heading off. "Don't break a hip now, granny!"
"Call me granny again and I'll break yours," Anya called after her.
Laughing and throwing a final wave her way, Katie picked up the pace and began a long
stride sprint towards Furinkan—more hopping from one foot to the other rather than actually
running. It was slower going than roof hopping—and there was a risk of running into
someone outright, but it was still fast and a lot less conspicuous than jumping across the
neighborhood's rooftops—especially if she wanted to avoid being spotted by any drones.
Ain't no sign of the freak squad since our last scrap, and not for tryin' either. She thought as
she dashed along. Two nights straight of duckin' us after bein' a right menace to the
community. What are they up to?
The chime of her phone's default ringtone caught her attention as she neared Furinkan, and
she slowed down to a jog to grab it from her pocket. It was Curly; him calling out of the blue
this early sent a spike of worry through her as she answered it.
"Hey Curly, what's up?" She asked.
"We got problems!" Curly said quickly. Katie could hear shouting and the unmistakable thuds
and clangs of combat in the background. "A whole bunch of those Sickle Gang weirdos just
rolled up and they're attackin' everybody they see!"
Her fears confirmed. "Shit, you guys good?"
"No, we ain't! Everybody's freakin' out because these guys are straight up pervs!" Curly
answered as on his end of the line numerous delinquents cautiously defended themselves
against the lurid gesticulations of Sickle Gang members attacking them.
"They're what?!" Katie took a moment to quickly reason. "Oh, okay yeah, shit of course
nobody's gonna wanna fight THAT in broad daylight!"
The sound of fighting ahead of her made Katie stop in her tracks to better hear it—but only
for a second when she realized that the yelling and fighting was coming from Furinkan High
School's courtyard. Immediately her vision went red.
"Curly, we're gettin' hit, too! We'll try to get ourselves sorted out and get to you as fast as we
can!" Katie yelled.
Curly understood. "Try to get here quick, that weasel punk's here and he's squaring up with
the boss!"
In front of Curly, Sōban swiped with all of his might at Kamaitachi who smartly flipped to
escape the blow and the air it displaced. Landing gracefully, Kamaitachi smirked up at Sōban
while twirling a pair of sickles.
"I'll do what I can." Ending the call, Katie forgot all about trying to be discreet and turned on
the afterburner, breaking into a mad rush towards the school.
From the sidewalk she jumped onto the school's wall and ran along it to get a good view of
what was going on. Sure enough, what she saw made her blood boil and her pale face redden
with her building fury.
The courtyard was chaotic, with students running left and right, chased around by more
members of the Sickle Gang. In their hands, the men wielded their usual weapons but also
cutting shears and electric razors—brandishing these implements at the girls while cackling
and lunging to grab the hair of any girl that was too close.
Akane's friend Yuka, screaming, had been caught by one such Sickle Gang member, and was
holding her long brown hair out as he positioned a pair of shears to lop it off. He didn't get to
finish, as an enraged Akane flew into him right foot first, her kick connecting with his jaw
and sending him tumbling end over end into the school's wall.
Landing, Akane turned towards two more Sickle Gang members who fell on her with their
blades raised.
Moving much faster, Akane uppercut the first one to enter her range, then spin-kicked the
other in the side of the head before he could turn to attack her.
"Get inside the school!" Akane yelled at Yuka, before four more Sickle Gang men ran at her
from the front.
Katie jumped from the top of the wall to a telephone pole and then kicked off it, ascending
high enough to spin five whole times before she fell into the path of the charging Sickle Gang
members. Her right fist hit the ground with such force it unleashed a shockwave that sent
them flying backward, their weapons and hats flung even further.
Lifting her head up, she roared in fury.
"You must be out your GOD DAMNED minds!"
With great speed and force, she lunged to slam her fist into the jaw of another Sickle Gang
member, dropping him to the ground like a sack of rice where he stood.
Akane turned and threw herself into a run, jumping onto the head of another leather boy
berserker and kicking him into the ground as she jumped and kicked another Sickle Gang
member advancing on a group of girls including Nabiki and Sayuri. Jumping from that man,
she spin-kicked a second leather enjoyer across the face.
"You okay?" Akane asked them.
Sayuri was weeping, holding her severed ponytail in hand. "… One… one of them got
me…!"
Akane turned to the remaining Sickle Gang members, of which there were a little over a
dozen of them. When they saw Katie arrive, they dropped everything they were doing and
regrouped, suddenly wary now that the real threats had arrived.
"Nabiki, Sayuri, Akaneko!" Katie said as she joined them.
Seeing Sayuri bawling her eyes out as she held her ruined hair, she joined Akane in glaring
death at the group. "HEY! You pieces of shit got a problem with us, then you take it up with
us! This ain't involve anyone else!"
Akane prepared to throw herself at them. "Don't even bother, Senpai! We're just going to
make them regret squeezing into their short shorts and coming out here!"
She assumed her front stance. "Don't show 'em ANY MERCY!"
The remaining Sickle Gangsters didn't attack, however. Instead the group slowly backed up,
with one pulling out a portable speaker while another pulled out his phone and began going
through his playlist.
Suddenly, Ricky Martin's "Livin' la Vida Loca" began blaring from the speaker, and the group
parted evenly to reveal two men standing side by side. Unlike the rest who were dressed in
black leather, these two were decked in much shinier PVC.
One man was dressed little differently from the rest of the Sickle Gang, though instead of a
mask he wore a pair of aviator sunglasses and a studded pvc collar. His companion however
just had a pair of boots and red PVC wrestling tights.
Together both men held out their arms and leaned back towards one another, letting out a
"Hoooooooooo!" as their battle cry as they began to pelvic thrust in a provocative manner.
"I am… HG!" The more dressed man said while pelvic thrusting.
"I! Am! RG!" The tights and boots wearer said while also rhythmically working his hips.
They changed the directions of their pelvic thrusting, now towards one another, as they
pointed at the strongest girls of Furinkan High School, HG shouting as they did. "And we are
the champions of the Sickle Gang, hoooooooooooooooo!"
Nabiki, on the sidelines, tilted her head to one side. "Why are Hard Gay and Real Gay here?"
She looked around. "Wait, is this some kind of bit?"
Katie's expression strained. "What's wrong with these guys?"
"Don't know." Akane launched herself at them. "Don't care!"
The man known as RG's eyes gleamed, and he took off, rushing like a raging bull to meet her
charge straight on. "HOOOOOOOOOO!"
As Akane reached RG, she easily read the lariat he lunged at her neck with. Turning to face
him, she ducked under a roundhouse kick, then blocked the even faster wheel kick he
followed it up with. RG moved in off his kick throwing fast jabs for Akane's face that her
quicker hands blocked and parried away.
"You think this is a joke?!" Akane demanded as she stopped another punch, a right, then
rotated her wrist out of his grip when he tried to grab it. Flinging his arm away in the same
motion, she swung her leg in a roundhouse kick that connected with the right side of his
head. The blow sent the man flying, his body performing a full rotation before he hit the
ground.
"Wait," Akane said, as something didn't feel right about that hit.
Then without warning he was up, and the heel of his shoe was connecting with Akane's chin,
lifting her off her feet. The jolt to her head was a surprise, but not enough to knock her out as
she caught herself and curled herself backward to land on her feet.
She looked up at her target to see RG come at her with a left hook she blocked and directed
away before jabbing him twice in the liver.
Only the first connected, and RG doubled over. Quickly and smoothly she turned the second
blow into an uppercut, connecting with his face and he snapped upright lightning fast. But
again it felt surprisingly empty, even as the man seemed to–
"Oh no!" Akane managed to blurt out as she barely blocked the sledgehammer blow brought
down by her foe. Moving to capitalize, Akane was once again caught off guard as RG
suddenly brought his leg up in a super kick that she blocked.
It hit hard, enough to actually move Akane off her footing and allow another spinning kick to
connect to her shoulder and throw her off her feet completely.
While Akane rolled along the ground and got up to face RG, HG came at Katie spinning with
his arms held low like it was some weird flamboyantly awkward dance until he suddenly
lashed out with a backhand aimed for her face that she blocked.
She struck low, catching her left foot down around his as she weaved under the spinning heel
kick he followed the first strike with.
Katie capitalized, sweeping HG's foot from under him and sending him off his feet. As he
fell, she brought her leg up and swung it down, but the surprisingly nimble HG curled his
body up to avoid the stomp, then kicked back onto his feet.
Side-on to her, he began striking with incredibly quick flicker jabs, Katie backing up and
blocking the first few blows before she began to work her head and shoulders to narrowly
bob and weave the punches.
When HG stopped Katie stopped, too.
The two martial artists stood stone still, staring at each other. Both feinted towards one
another, half-motions stopped when neither took the bait, before another explosion of
movement ensued, both trying to strike each other in the face—trading offense and defense in
narrow alternating margins.
HG parried away a left from her, then Katie directed a right from him upward. Aiming for
HG's feet, Katie stomped forward while jabbing for HG's face, forcing him on the defensive
until she feinted catching his arms up near his face while driving her knee into his gut
simultaneously.
The blow did not send HG flying, but he did stagger backward—the first time he'd given
ground at all—to the shocked cries of the remaining Sickle Gangsters.
Katie did not relent, running up and using her height to jump and bring her elbow down atop
HG's head, as he was bowed by the force of the blow. Katie surged and shot her knee upward
to meet his face. But only struck his crossed arms, the blow throwing him backward from her
again.
Staggering, he shook his head and sidestepped to her left, moving like he was dancing with
each step. Katie moved in the opposite direction, keeping her guard up as she assessed the
situation.
This guy's entirely different from the chumps last night, Sōban and Curly were right. She
realized.
HG stopped pacing and slipped back into that obscene rhythm. "You're a strong girl! Right
on…!"
He struck his pose again and let out a "Hoooooo!"
Katie didn't give him the courtesy of a reply, she rushed him. Once more she caught him in a
loop of blocking and parrying her machine gun-like blows.
This time, he began to have fun with it, shimmying his hips as he dodged her punches left
and right, before she punched wide to his right that he exaggeratedly swayed his whole body
to his left.
He was immediately kicked in the face. In a feat of flexibility Katie brought her left leg and
hooked it back to slam it into HG's mug. As her foot came down and his head came back,
Katie brought her right arm over and elbowed HG in the jaw, sending him spinning through
the air away from her.
Accepting that this wasn't a bit was hard for Nabiki, but she managed. That did not end her
suspicion that shenanigans were afoot as she watched the fight continue to spiral.
While Katie and Akane were matching up well enough with their opponents, there was
something that even the pacifistic middle Tendo—who didn't even pay much attention to the
fighting her sister got into—noticed.
Akane was getting frustrated as she pummeled RG with a deluge of punches and kicks, the
blows connecting and allowing her to walk the scantily clad Sickle Ganger about while he
stumbled backward with each forward blow, or to the sides with her horizontal strikes. As
soon as she connected a spinning front kick to RG's face, he took two steps back then woke
right up with a counterattack.
"FOOOOOO!" He yelled as he struck with three fast spin kicks that she ducked under. When
the scantily clad Sickle Ganger mixed it up with another wheel kick, Akane capitalized,
blocking and catching his leg before pulling him in and bringing her elbow down on his leg.
"Ahn!" RG suddenly moaned out. "So good!"
Akane immediately let go of his leg and recoiled, pale as a sheet. "Ew, what?!"
She realized the foolishness of her error just as RG's southpaw haymaker connected with her
jaw. His next punch wasn't pulled in the slightest, the right smashing into her face and
sending her off her feet and tumbling.
The first blow however had sobered her of her fear response enough to anticipate the second
hit. As she moved with the punch, lessening the force of the blow—another epiphany had hit
her. By the time she stopped rolling and got back onto her feet, she understood it.
RG, seeing her get back up, hugged himself and shivered. "You are the strongest I have
fought in years! You hit so hard, and it hurts so good!"
Akane shuddered. "Hey! Don't make this weird!"
His hands roaming down his sides, he grinned with every intention to. "For you, I will show
you the true power of R! G!"
He grabbed his skimpy tights. "PANTSU! PURGE!"
Hearing and seeing what RG was doing, Nabiki cringed in horror. "Oh no."
Akane went pale again, as RG snatched off the PVC tights and she looked away for a half
second. Quickly remembering to not take her eyes off her opponent like she had before, she
held her gaze on him—and immediately regretted it.
Underneath the already embarrassing wrestling tights was a bright red fundoshi.
Nope, she was not fighting this guy, this was too much. "Ew, ew, ew, EWW!"
Akane's sudden change of tone alerted Katie and she looked in her direction. "… The fresh
fuck…?!"
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw HG recover and suddenly turn hard to come straight for
her. When Katie raised her arm and blocked his punch, she felt the force of the blow travel
through her arm and hit her face, neck, and chest, knocking her back. "Eh?!"
She caught herself, surprised.
She recognized what just happened with that hit.
"… That was…!"
"Prepare yourself…!" HG said as he rapidly pelvic thrust. "You just got a taste of the secret
technique of H! G!"
Arms spread out, he approached Katie, spinning around in tight, quick circles to close the
distance. Katie readied herself, more focused than ever, to meet his attack.
Instead of lashing out with a kick or a punch, however, the moment HG entered just outside
of Katie's standing reach he brought his hands behind his head and faced her fully.
Katie's first instinct was to shoot forward and end the fight with a punch, but it was as she
inched forward to do that she realized that she was the one wide open, not him.
HG performed his mightiest pelvic thrust yet. "HP MAGNUM!"
To everyone watching, Katie was moving forward to punch HG, and then she was blasted
back, lifted off her feet and flying away from him—her body straight and stiff as a log.
Hitting the ground she tumbled end over end backwards, stopping on her back, staring
blankly at the sky.
She laid there for a second, blinked once, and spoke.
"… Did… did this dude…" She quietly and calmly asked the sky. "Did mans just air slap
me… with his junk?"
HG, the other Sickle Gang members behind him cheering, struck his favorite pose and
humped the air. "HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Well, Katie had liked it here in Nerima, but even a place that was lax on the laws like it was
still frowned upon to kill.
"… But it can't be helped."
The shape of a very large craft passing over the school, however, interrupted her horrifically
murderous thoughts. It filled the air silently, without warning, a massive craft painted a matte
black, and easily the size of the school building itself. Looking across the width of the
machine, she realized that it was a broad-winged airship, like a few that she'd seen puttering
about the SAD and Japan in general.
Numerous lines, over four dozen, streamed down from the airship as it came to a halt, as all
combatants involved stopped and looked up at it. Then down the ropes came just as many
men in white suits with matching ties and sunglasses. They egressed from the ship rapidly,
touching down around Katie, Akane, all the other girls, and surrounding the Sickle gang
members in half circles.
Nabiki looked up at the ship. "Giant airship… mass produced goons in matching suits and
sunglasses…"
She paused, her voice filled with annoyance. "Oh no, don't tell me…"
A final line slowly descended from the ship. but unlike the others there were two handholds
at the end of the line. Holding onto the higher hold with his right hand and his right foot
firmly secured in the lower, a young man in a sharp, black double-breasted uniform with a
matching black cap and a long flowing black cape that was red underneath. His handsome,
immediately recognizable face sported a new addition besides the black getup: an eyepatch
over his right eye.
Setting down, the young man stepped forward from the line, and drew forth from his hip in
his left hand a black-sheathed katana. He held it forward, looking pointedly at the Sickle
Gang members.
Nabiki looked at his face and she lifted her right eyebrow. "… Okay."
"For whatever reason you have come here, it ends now," Mendō Shūtaro, A Fallen Scion,
ordered the Sickle Gang members. "Disperse from this place or feel the full wrath of the
Mendō Clan."
The men staring at Mendō began to balk, both HG and RG together backing up nervously
with the rest of them to back from the young man's presence. As Mendō's glare bore into
them, the formerly belligerent men grew pale, then outright terrified.
Soft footsteps behind Mendō alerted Nabiki to someone she didn't notice was there until he
was. Seeing the former Vice Principal Okamada Kamoyo walk up to join Mendō's side
caused her eyes to narrow and her blood to simmer beneath her otherwise nonplussed façade.
"Gentleman," the ex-authority of the school said, "This is a place of learning. You are not
supposed to be here."
And with that gentle insistence, the Sickle Gang was in a full rout, once more gathering their
wounded and fleeing for their lives.
Katie joined Akane's side. "Akaneko, are you all right?"
Akane shook her head. "No, I'm gonna be sick."
"We gotta get going," she said. "The guys over at Butsumetsu are being attacked, too."
That jolted Akane from her daze. "What? Oh no!"
They were about to turn to leave, when Nabiki spoke up as she walked up to Mendō. "Hey,
what's are you doing here?"
Returning his undrawn blade to his hip, Mendō turned to Nabiki and was momentarily taken
aback by the young woman. He then gestured to his chest. "Pardon my rudeness for not
introducing myself; I am Mendō Shūtaro–"
Nabiki cut him off. "Yeah, I know who you are. Unless there's some other guy who flies
around town with his own personal airship and protection detail. The question was what are
you doing here?"
Mendō bowed his head. "It is unfortunate, but due to circumstances beyond even my control,
I have been forced to make a transfer. I am now a student of this Furinkan High school, I
leave myself in your care."
Nabiki stared at Mendō, Akane and Katie as well. All the other girls, relieved that they were
safe from weird men in strange clothes, began murmuring among themselves in disbelief.
"Mendō Shūtaro has transferred here?"
"What happened that made him want to leave Tomobiki…?"
"Is he the only one? Did Moroboshi transfer, too?"
"I hope he didn't, that pervert's such a bad influence on him."
"He's so handsome, and he's dressed so cool, too!
"He usually wears white…"
Akane's voice rose over the yammering. "Oh, absolutely NOT!"
She marched over. "Kuno hasn't even been gone two whole weeks! We are not replacing him
with THIS moron!"
Seeing Akane, Mendō immediately averted his eyes from her; that put him right in line of
sight of Nabiki.
"Exactly," she continued, "Under whose authority are you even here?"
As she eyed the former Vice-Principal, a voice they all needed to hear right now called out.
"An astute question, Tendo Nabiki!"
Radiating fury, Kuno Kodachi entered the school grounds, her eyes locked upon Mendō and
Okamada. "I do not recall permitting you to set foot in my school as a guest, let alone as a
student!"
To Okamada she snarled. "And I believe that I had relieved you of your duties days ago,
former Vice Principal!"
Without any of the stiffness he moved with before, with almost a swagger even, the former
Vice-Principal reached up and adjusted his tie. "As a matter of fact you did, Kodachi-kun. I
am no longer the Vice Principal of this school, but contrary to your assessment—I was never
one to shirk my duties within the position."
Hands still on the tie, he answered Kodachi's glower with an even sharper glare. "Namely,
you brainless twit, who do you think handled admissions around here?"
Kodachi's expression softened slightly. "That's…"
Katie spoke up. "Now hold your horses, when did Mendō enroll at this school?"
"As it so happened. The very evening before Golden Week began, I was contacted by the
Mendō family regarding an emergency transfer of their son from Tomobiki. Recognizing the
urgency of the matter and the importance of the enrollee, I personally entered Mendō-sama
into the school's attendance with his classes to begin on the first day after Golden Week."
Okamada lowered his hands from his tie and nodded to Mendō, before addressing Kodachi.
"I would have informed you of this prior—but you were very preoccupied with your
pageantry and tossing your power around like it were a brand new toy."
Kodachi bristled. "You are joking!"
"Nonsense, Kodachi-kun, for I'm not paid to humor you anymore." With that, former Vice-
Principal Okamada began walking. "If you wish to rescind the action, I recommend you find
an administrator with the qualifications and clearances to make such alterations to academic
records. Until such a time…"
Passing Kodachi he spoke in a much lower voice. "Now that a man is here, remember your
place and go back to where you belong."
Kodachi turned to face him, her teeth clenched. "Okamada Kamoyo…!"
The former Vice Principal ignored her and passed through the gate, leaving the school.
Seething, her eyes were wide with fury, she pointed her wrath at Mendō.
"Mendō Shūtaro, I will not permit you to attend this school!" She ordered him.
"WAIT!" A great chorus rose at once, and numerous girls all quickly crowded around Mendō,
to the shock of Kodachi, the annoyance of Nabiki, and the disbelief of both Katie and akane.
"What in tarnation…?" Katie asked.
Akane only let out a confused "Eh?"
One of the girls shielding Mendō from Kodachi quickly spoke. "Hold on a second! Mendō-
sama isn't a bad guy!"
"Yeah! He came here and helped drive off all those perverts!" Another girl said.
Nabiki, who keeps her finger on the pulse of the goings on in Tomobiki, lifted an eyebrow.
"You sure about that?"
Katie agreed. "Yeah, last I checked; he wasn't the one gettin' into a fist fight to save yer
scalps…"
Mendō spoke. "True, while I was not here to defend my school this day… from henceforth
that changes. As a student of Furinkan, and scion of the Mendō family, I will dedicate myself
to the protection of this school and its students."
Akane turned to Mendō. "We've seen how you 'protect your school' and we'll be safer without
it."
At her words, Mendō immediately averted his eyes away from her, refraining from speaking.
For a brief instant, Akane wondered why he wasn't trying to make eye contact with her—then
she remembered.
"Kodachi-san," Mendō said calmly to the head of House Kuno. "Though we are of different
houses, let us set whatever bad blood exists between us aside. The wealth of the Mendō exists
to serve the fair Black Rose, now that I am a humble student of your esteemed institution."
Katie knew exactly where he could shove that flowery speech—sideways, no less. Akane was
keen to actually show everyone where those words could be shoved, though using Mendō's
airship instead of his words, when Nabiki cleared her throat.
"Nee, Kodachi, I think we're being a bit hasty here," she said—more to Katie's surprise than
Akane's. She gave Kodachi a pointed look, then briefly darted her gaze over to indicate
Mendō.
"Nabiki, I swear…" The younger martial artist girl growled.
Whatever thought Nabiki appeared to have, Kodachi was suddenly of it as well as her
eyebrows rose, and she nodded in concession. With an expression akin to one being forced to
smell the interior of an overloaded fishing boat beached and left in the sun for a month,
Kodachi turned back to Mendō.
"If your fealty to me is true, scion of the Mendō, then kneel before me and declare as such,"
she ordered.
Practically melting through the crowd, Mendō dropped to one knee and looked up reverently
at the slender gymnast, his uncovered eye shimmering as he beheld her breathtaking beauty.
"Whatever you command, I will cater to your whims."
Akane seethed and prepared to say something, when Katie held her arm out. "Hol' up, let her
cook."
"Very well then, Mendō Shūtaro. I accept your admission to Furinkan High School—but
know that your continued attendance will depend on your use to me," Kodachi declared.
And with that, Katie fully understood what was going on. Akane did, too, but the reluctance
to accept it was written on her face—especially when she noticed how all the other girls
brightened in response to the decision.
"Senpai, don't we have places to be?" She asked Katie.
Katie nodded. "Yeah, let's go."
To Kodachi she called. "We gotta run real quick over to Butsumetsu. We'll prolly be back in a
class period or so."
Kodachi turned to both girls. "Shall I accompany you?"
Katie held up her hand to wave away her offer of assistance as she bowed slightly towards
her. "No need, we've got this."
As they turned and headed towards the exit, her phone rang, Curly was reaching out to her
again. "Hey, everything's settled on our end and we're on our way."
Curly answered. "There's no need, the situation's calmed down…"
This was good news. "Really?"
On his end of the line, Curly and the rest of the bruised, bloodied, and generally banged up
Butsumetsu boys were watching as a bloodied up but still standing Sōban faced Kamaitachi,
who was no longer paying any attention to him or the rest of the delinquent gang. The Sickle
Gang's leader's attention was locked upon Ucchan, his large spatula stopping the sickles he'd
been wielding against the much larger Sōban.
"Yo, what's good?" Ucchan asked before sharply parrying the sickles up with such force that
they left Kamaitachi's hands.
Kamaitachi leaped back as Ucchan followed up the parry with a wide horizontal slash, the
thin edge of the massive kitchen utensil nearly bisecting him.
Curly offered the play by play to Katie. "This pretty boy dude with a spatula just showed up
out of nowhere and started taking names—now he's scrappin' with that weasel punk."
Katie recognized the description. "Ucchan…"
Akane perked up. "Ucchan's there?"
Katie nodded back to Akane before responding to Curly. "Whatever happens, when they bolt,
try to capture one of 'em!"
Reliable guys were few and far between in Katie's experience of the SAD, but Curly was one
of the real ones. "I was thinkin' the same thing. We got one of 'em now, and we're just waiting
for the rest of these weirdos to scram."
That's what she loved to hear. "Well, we're gonna be over anyway. I have some questions to
ask."
Chapter End Notes
What's this? My protagonists taking Ls? I can't believe I did that!
Chapter 27: Changes
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Golden Week had been, for Ataru, too short. It was for this reason that he was lumbering
through the gates of Tomobiki High School with his hands in his pockets, lamenting how
unusually peaceful it had been. Despite Mendō's stupid lunch-leaver plan, Ataru had expected
the moronic little simp to still take Lum and the other girls on some adventure he could invite
himself along. However, there had been no sign of him at all.
As Lum lazily floated overhead, Earth's Unlikely Savior ventured deeper into the schoolyard.
His eyes searched for someone else who had been absent since that day.
Fujinami Ryūnosuke hadn't been seen since he'd seen her that evening outside of Tomobiki
High School.
"Ataru," a very familiar female voice asked from behind him, causing said young man to
abandon his musings and look to confirm it was Shinobu. "What are you up to now?"
"Nothing." The boy insisted, quickly looking around. "Just wondering where Ryū-chan's
been."
"Ryūnosuke-kun? Why?" Shinobu didn't seem as aware of events as would be helpful. Her
eyes narrowed as she suspected a motive of a less than savory nature afoot.
"Hadn't seen her around town at all during Golden Week," Ataru said, ignoring the suspicion
cast his way.
They were moving towards the school again after this, the girl measuring his words for her
response. "Seemed pretty wound up too when I last saw her."
Shinobu's glare was not unlike a knife pointed at Ataru's soul. "What did you do?"
Defensively, Ataru turned his head away. "Nothing!"
Shinobu remained glaring at him, her head tilting slightly while he straightened and turned
his nose up a bit. "You know full well I can have positive interactions with women. You're
one, you dated me!"
"I remember, I was there," Shinobu said flatly.
With his nose still turned upward, Ataru's eyes gaze transfixed on the clear blue sky.
Something, he realized, was off.
Floating into his field of view, Lum called down. "Hi-hi, Darling~!"
Shinobu noticed his staring. "What is it?"
"Mendō usually starts dropping in by now," he mused aloud.
Lum looked around. "Oh, you're right!"
In fact, there was a distinct lack of any craft overhead when the schoolyard would be
overshadowed by it.
"Well… I hope he's all right," Shinobu murmured.
Lum floated down lower, nearly touching the ground as she hovered alongside Ataru. "Do
you think we should call him?"
Ataru smirked at Shinobu. "Hey, yeah, don't you still have his number~?"
"No!" Shinobu quickly and vehemently denied. "I lost it faster than it took me to lose yours,
Ataru."
Ataru still took a semblance of pride from that. "Hah."
He kept walking to the building. "Well, with no Mendō today, I'm thinking about heading off
campus for lunch. You in?"
"Absolutely not," Shinobu said as she followed. "We're officially banned from leaving,
remember?"
Ataru scoffed at the idea. "What are they gonna do, send the army after us again? I think
everyone is free and clear to just leave whenever, now."
"Not everyone is as much of a delinquent as you!" Shinobu rebuffed.
"Says the girl who helped lead the charge to fight for our lunch when the law came down,"
Ataru said smugly.
Lum took the opportunity to tease Shinobu. "Talking out of both sides of your mouth looks
weird, Shinobu-cha."
Ataru held up a fist, and Lum bumped it with her own as Shinobu cringed from being called
out.
Fuming, Shinobu lagged a little behind Ataru and Lum to glare daggers into the back of their
heads. The hallway to their classroom had a very different atmosphere, with teachers
avoiding eye contact with students who were openly glaring at them.
The heaviness of the tension made it very clear that Golden Week's holidays had not lessened
the bad blood between students and faculty.
Entering the classroom, Ataru was dismayed to find that all of Lum's Stormtroopers had
survived the battle.
"And so we were there, cornered by the Black Sunglasses, being walked back to school…
when divine providence shone from the heavens," Megane—leader of said Stormtroopers—
explained to the other students. "Another group of students, including Natsuko-san from 3-7
were being taken back to school as well."
Kōsuke, seated behind a brooding Hokuto, joined his unusually large friend in staring
unimpressed at the Stormtroopers.
Megane clenched a fist, holding it aloft, the light gleaming off his glasses. "It was in this
decisive instant that I realized that between our trio and Natsuko's group, we had the
manpower to overpower our oppressors. So! Taking command of the situation I boldly
pushed a teacher over–!"
Ataru spoke over him. "And got tased by one of the Black Sunglasses before the tank we
were riding rolled up and blasted the rest of the teachers with bean bags."
Megane turned to Ataru, furious. "I was getting to that!"
"Sure, Skorzeny, I'm sure the rest of the Letzte Battalion creamed their pants when you told
them how awesome you were convulsing on the curb," Ataru said as he made his way over to
his desk and sat down.
Megane prepared to haul off on Ataru, when Lum wafted by and his hateboner was
overridden by his regular boner. "H-hey Lum-san! I'm glad to see you're up and about!"
Kōsuke was already done. "Boy, if you don't get your squiggly diddly simping head ass outta
here, Megane."
"Monday was stupid and no one wants to hear about that shit," Hokuto agreed.
Megane bristled. "Talk shit all you like, but we should be sharing our stories of victory! The
students triumphed over the teachers Monday, our day of revolution, and now they're
ashamed to look at us."
Ataru, the very leader of the rebellion, rested his cheek on his upraised left palm and stared at
Megane. "Can't steal Lum so you're gonna try to steal my thunder, right?"
Bringing a finger to his glasses, Megane adjusted them smartly. "No one's diminishing your
contribution to victory—little as it was—but even you agree that this places us at a good
position, right?"
Mulling over that point with closed eyes, Ataru could not help but agree. "Yeah, you're not
wrong. The teachers actually being dumb enough to go along with Mendō's plan got a lot of
us roughed up." He looked over at the people he considered his friends. "Oi, Hokuto, Kōsuke,
you guys good?"
"My nose is still messed up," Kōsuke admitted.
Hokuto looked particularly annoyed. "My older brother chewed me out for skipping classes
for lunch."
Ataru hummed. "Which one?"
"The biggest one," Hokuto revealed.
"Oof," Ataru clapped his hands together. "My condolences."
"Eh, what happens happens…" Hokuto then grinned before he spoke in a goofy, lighthearted
tone. "My girlfriend comforted me after, and I got to spend the whole break with her."
Ataru sighed enviously. "Man, I wish I had a girlfriend."
Lum, who was at her seat, perked up and looked at him. "Ayo, what the fu–?"
Just as quickly, Ataru cut her off as he stood up. "Megane is right, though! We now have
more leverage over the teachers than we ever had before, and I'm certain that in light of the
complete failure of Mendō's nonsensical idea, that we will have more freedom—not less!"
The classroom looked at Ataru, a little more engaged than they were when Megane spoke.
"This is our final year, the last waning days of our youth before we leave the shelter of these
halls for the walled world that surrounds us, and its cruel and absurd expectations!"
He began walking backward, towards the front of the class, so he could address everyone.
"Even now, some of you are lulled by the temptation of entrance exams, and career
prospects… but I say take those notions and throw them out with the burnable trash! This is
the twilight of freedom we will never know again, the last gasps of childhood that will only
become a fading memory with the crushing march of time."
Ataru clenched his fists. "My brave fellow students! I'm pleased to report that Mendō's failure
has reduced the teachers' morale to stardust. This brilliant victory is proof that our justice is
served. With the massive embarrassment incurred, any authority the teachers may have left
will be of no consequence. In other words: what remains of them is little more than debris. It
is with confidence that I hereby declare it impossible for this weak host of faculty to force us
to bend to their whims."
His electrifying words captured his audience, with Megane gawking as even Lum forgot
about Ataru's smart girlfriend remark and was leaning in with interest. "Before us is the
vibrance of spring, and a summer that promises fun, adventure, hope, and romance for all of
us—except for you, Megane–"
Megane lit up in anger. "Ayo, what the fu–?"
"–And now we must use this time to teach the slow-witted faculty of Tomobiki High School a
lesson they will always remember. Now is the time for us students to stand up for the future!"
Megane seethed. "Screw you, Moroboshi! You can't shit on my hobbies then straight up
quote babby's first Hitler!"
Ataru smirked at Megane, who suddenly looked at him with gobsmacked fright. "Watch me."
The entire class jumped in fright as Ataru shot his fist to the ceiling. "SIEG TOMOBI–"
A hand clapped across the back of Ataru's head and down he went like a heap, a foreign-
accented voice calling above him as he went down. "Man, shut your stupid ass up."
"Haaa-tatatacha….!" Gripping the back of his head as he hissed in pain, Ataru turned around,
beholding the tall foreign man looking down on him with a feral air. "Who…?!"
The man was wearing a dark blue suit with a white dress shirt visible underneath the jacket
with a yellow tie. His red hair didn't seem to want to stay in place, giving him a wild
appearance while his dark green eyes pierced through the young man before him with a
lupine contempt.
"… You must be Moroboshi. You can go sit down now, the bell's already rung," he ordered.
Ataru got up, still rubbing the back of his head. "Oi! Who do you think you are?!"
The man flicked two fingers at his own chest. "One of them-there slow-witted faculty you
were on about a second ago, Gihren-kun. Now, I'm going to say it one more time: go back to
your desk and sit down."
Ataru looked the man over, bringing his fingers to his chin and thinking over the command.
Looking the man over, sizing him up carefully… he pondered his odds of standing up to him
before he closed his eyes. "Mmm… if you're not going to say it anymore, then I'm going to
opt out of your request."
He pointed at him. "Checkmate, da."
The newcomer sighed. "Good grief."
The next thing Ataru knew, he was seated on the floor hard. The teacher had taken him by the
shoulders and shoved him down until he was flat on his butt. He looked up at the man as
violent tremors rocked through his body, throwing him off and paralyzing him momentarily.
"You can sit on the floor right there for the rest of class." He said before walking over behind
the desk. "Oh right, time for introductions."
Grabbing a piece of chalk, he quickly wrote his name in Katakana on the board.
"I'm Nicholas Fontaine Sherman." The man introduced himself, blowing away the darkness
looming around him with an amicable two finger salute. "I'm going to be teaching your class
from now on."
Ataru blinked in surprise as murmurs spread across the classroom. Over them, Shinobu found
her tongue to ask. "What happened to Onsen Mark-sensei?"
"Your previous teacher, Onsen Mark, recently received a job offer at a very prestigious
private school back in Japan proper. He's taken it and already beyond the wall." Nick
revealed, giving a rueful shake of his head.
Ataru still couldn't find his words, so Kōsuke spoke up next. "He just quit?"
"It was decided by everyone that he would leave quietly as opposed to being publicly
dismissed for his role in Monday's tomfoolery." Nick gave an innocent smile. "And that is
where I come in. I'm replacing him as your homeroom and English teacher."
"Onsen Mark-sensei… gone?" Shinobu asked with a certain numbness, finding her breath
grow a little faint as she tried to process it.
"Onsen Mark-sensei is gone," Nick corrected. "Goodness, you're a third year, use your
words."
With that he turned to the board and began writing on it. "With introductions out of the way, I
have a few more announcements to make. Hold onto yer seats and don't go makin' a racket
because there's gonna be some changes 'round here."
Ataru could start to feel his legs again and quietly commanded himself to wiggle his big toe
as Nick spoke.
"First and foremost, I will be choosing a new class representative—and no, there will be no
election. I want to deal with a student I can work with, and I don't want you all gettin' ideas
about spiking the spot with a problem child."
He turned to the class as Megane raised his hand. "Not to make life hard for you–"
"You already are," Nick noted.
"–But the class representative is Mendō Shūtaro, and as much as I would like to see him lose
the spot… he's probably the only one you're gonna get along with," Megane finished.
Nick clapped his hands and briefly rubbed his palms together. "Is that a fact? Well, son, have
I got some news you're gonna wanna hear: Shooter ain't coming back to school anymore, he's
been expelled."
A pin falling through the air could be heard in the classroom as Nick finished speaking. The
news needed a moment to sink in, be processed, and then met with disbelief, confusion, and
denial. All of it exploding back at Nick as a singular, mighty.
"WHAT?!"
Ataru completely forgot about his inner Kill Bill referencing and was paralyzed with shock
once more. His brain whirled as he tried to think of a response, even as his speaking faculties
were still in the process of rebooting.
Mendō Shūtaro… Mendō… had been kicked out of Tomobiki for his crap? The richest guy in
Japan, gone for something stupid he did…?
A girl stood up. "That's impossible! Mendō-sama can't be expelled, he's the–!"
Without turning his head, Nick whipped the chalk he held right between her eyes. She yelped
in pain before dropping back into her seat.
"Mendō Shūtaro organized a mass gang assault on his fellow classmates. I don't give a rat's
ass who he is or what he's got—you pull that kind of nonsense and yer gonna be thrown out
on your backside with prejudice," He explained to the students.
"This is a school, you got an education to be gettin', and if yer not too keen on that then the
door's right there."
He gestured to the door. "I don't mind havin' to teach a class with one student. As a matter o'
fact, I'd be perfectly fine kicking my feet up on this here desk with no students. Y'all want to
mess around and act like there ain't no repercussions? Then I implore you to drop out of
school now. Y'all can figure it out on yer own from there."
Placing his hands on his desk, he leaned forward, looking down at Ataru, then up at the rest
of them.
"But if you're interested in learnin' and actually 'standing up for your future?' Well, shoot, I'm
your huckleberry."
Ataru regained his faculties, but he remained still, his thoughts racing. Wait, wait… who is
this guy? Who does he think he is coming in with that assertive attitude?!
He looked up at Nick, who met his gaze. No… you're not just gonna waltz in here and act like
a cool adult. What's your real damage? Who are you really under this front you're putting
up? You're too good to be true!
"You got something to say, son?" Nick challenged him.
Ataru slowly got up. "As a matter of fact, I do."
He pointed at Nick. "You're a fraud."
That prompted Nick to raise an eyebrow. "… I beg your pardon?"
Folding his arms, Ataru turned side on to him. "You're not the first teacher to come into this
class, spouting pro-student fluff. If you think a forceful personality is going to deceive us into
falling in line, then you've got another thing coming."
Nick pointed out the door. "Look son, I don't have patience for you. Either sit down or be on
your way. There are plenty of combini and restaurants in Taian looking for workers, and
they'll hire dropouts."
Now Ataru was on the back foot. "Huh?"
The foreigner locked his glare with Moroboshi's gaze while his finger remained aimed out the
door. "I'm not here to puff your ego or try to beat you into line. Either you are here because
you want to learn… or you can get the fuck out of my school and stop wasting my time."
Ataru could suddenly feel the eyes of the other students on him. When he looked back…
everyone was in their seat and staring either at him or the teacher. Even Megane was in his
seat and silent; even Hokuto quietly had his hands on his desk. The only person who didn't
look directly ahead was Lum—she was scanning the classroom in confusion, having never
seen it like this before.
Quietly, cautiously, Ataru backed up and sat back at his desk.
Nick nodded to him. "You made the right call, son."
Ataru looked back at Lum and then at his classmates. The atmosphere was so different, like
cold water had been poured on everything but it didn't feel refreshing or invigorating at all.
In just a few minutes, the life had been stolen from the classroom.
This guy… Ataru thought. Just like that he's taken control! How are we supposed to fight
back against someone like this?
The door slid open, and Nick looked towards it. He lit up with a smile. "You know, you are in
past the bell."
"Sorry, teach… I had to take the long way around to get in," a familiar voice called from
beyond the threshold, and Ataru perked up.
Ryū-chan! She's not gonna take this whole act sitting down! If there's anyone who can get
fired up, it's this school's number one fighting girl, Fujinami Ryūno–!
Ataru's thought processes were abruptly cut to white noise, as a beautiful young woman in
Tomobiki High School's dark blue girl's uniform carefully walked in and right up to the side
of the desk. She was easily one of the prettiest girls that Ataru and every other male student
in classroom 3-4 had ever seen in a Tomobiki uniform.
The girl turned to look at everyone, her face flushing slightly as she endured the stare, but her
lips curled into a joyous smile she was consciously fighting from turning into a stupid grin.
Nick called to her. "How's the uniform treating you, kiddo?"
Ryūnosuke let out a giggle, an honest to goodness giggle, as she turned to him, her skirt
spinning with her movement. "Like a dream, teach! It's perfect!"
"All right, then," Nick said before shooing her towards the direction of her desk. "Go and
siddown, we got class to catch up on—and we'll deal with you havin' to take the long way
around soon enough."
Ryūnosuke practically floated to her desk, the new teacher deciding to take his foot off the
gas and allow the rest of the class to behold her radiance. As she took a seat, a flabbergasted
Shinobu leaned forward. "R-Ryū-chan! You… you've got a girl's uniform!"
Lum was amazed. "And you're wearing makeup… is that lipstick?"
Ryūnosuke brought her hand to her cheek. "Yeah, it's pretty crazy… the new teach got me
this stuff."
Shinobu looked back and forth between her and Nick. "Ehh?! He did? Why?!"
Lum likewise looked back and forth. "Is this one of those… what is it…" She leaned close
and spoke in a hushed voice. "… Candy father things…?"
Shinobu turned and looked at Lum in sheer horror, while Ryūnosuke just let out another
giggle. "It's not like that at all! I'll tell you about it later but get this… get this…!"
She leaned close, brimming with joy. "He's a friend of my mother."
As Shinobu gasped and Lum brought her hands to her mouth in disbelief, Ataru was still
staring at Ryūnosuke. In three days, Onsen Mark was gone, Mendō was gone, and Class 3-4
had a teacher who wasn't tolerating any crap. These were changes that under any other
circumstance Ataru would be literally fighting on the side of the street to undo.
He didn't like change.
He hated losing the familiar.
Or the dynamics in his life shifting for anything, because it was NEVER for the better.
And yet… he finally got to see Fujinami Ryūnosuke in a girl's uniform, and smiling like it
was the first time in her life she'd ever been happy.
Maybe this wasn't so bad.
Chapter End Notes
Meet the 100% overhauled Nicholas Fontaine Sherman.
Chapter 28: Slash and Burn
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The rapid clanging of metal echoed in the schoolyard of Butsumetsu High School, beyond its
high walls topped with barbed wire broken open at its gate, which lay shorn into pieces. With
his gang of delinquents surrounding him, the injured Sōban watched as Kamaitachi's blades
and Ucchan's spatula met in an intensifying back and forth across the dusty schoolyard.
Kamaitachi blocked a horizontal slash from his left, then a diagonal slash that came from the
other direction. Twirling the sickles as sparks flew, he circled around Ucchan's back as he
overextended a rising diagonal cut, spun, and slashed down at Ucchan's back.
The twin blades scraped against the broad flat head of the spatula as Ucchan held it over his
shoulder to cover his back. Turning around, Ucchan swung his spatula like it was a
broadsword, every clash that Kamaitachi blocked, pushing him back when their blades
connected.
After five such pushes, the leader of the Sickle Gang caught the weapon between his sickles
and parried it away before trying to lunge in close—only to be forced to deflect a trio of
smaller spatula thrown at him like knives.
As the weapons were defeated, Kamaitachi crossed the blades again to block a violent
overhead swing from Ucchan. "Oi, oi! Is this okonomiyaki thing your whole deal?!"
Ucchan bore down on Kamaitachi. "Go with what works, right? Ain't that why you look like
a clown?!"
With that he broke his lock and kicked Kamaitachi in the chest. As the sickle wielder was
pushed back Ucchan pointed the spatula at him and charged, unleashing a fusillade of thrusts
to stab him. "I could be using this stuff to actually cook, but you losers think it's funny to
smash a hard-workin' chef's business and take their money!"
Kamaitachi grimaced as he struck as fast as he could against Ucchan's attacks, but there was
so much anger driving the force of each blow.
"There are…!" Ucchan stopped when Kamaitachi caught the spatula just behind its flat head,
with the crossed sickles.
This just allowed him to wrench his weapon up, and yank both of Kamaitachi's out of his
hands. "… Consequences for your actions!"
Acting quickly, Kamaitachi reached for and pulled the studded leather belt around his waist
and used it to block Ucchan's return swing. Whipping it around, he clashed again with
Ucchan several more times, grimacing when the edge of the spatula caught his cheek. In
retaliation, he quickly worked the belt around his hand and backhanded the weapon away
when Ucchan brought around for a horizontal slash—before going in and tagging Ucchan in
the jaw with the makeshift weapon.
Ucchan staggered back, jolted by the blow, but just gave Kamaitachi a wild look as blood
seeped down his cheek.
"I've met six-year-olds who hit harder than you," he snapped.
Kamaitachi scowled at Ucchan, and then at his up-raised fists with even greater anger. "Oh…
if you only knew what kind of handicap you've got…"
"Blahblahblah… shut up and take your beatin' like a man!" Ucchan said as he got ready to
strike again.
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed his situation got considerably worse when Katie and
Akane walked through the damaged gates and looked at him. Turning his full attention back
to Ucchan he backed up towards the wall, whipped out some smoke bombs and threw them
on the ground, creating a great plume of pink smoke that obscured him.
"Name the time and place, stud," he taunted back as he faded into the mist.
It quickly cleared, and Kamaitachi was gone.
Ucchan turned and looked at Katie and Akane, before turning his nose up at them. "Great,
now I gotta chase him down… thanks a lot."
Akane grew annoyed. "Are you seriously going to–"
When Ucchan took off in pursuit of Kamaitachi, she sighed. "I do not care for him right
now…"
"Well, at least he was grateful," Katie said dryly of his bitter sarcasm before she turned to
Sōban and friends, who were a lot more relaxed to see the two girls. "Sōban, Curly, you guys
all right?"
"Yeah," Sōban reported.
Curly agreed. "Woulda been a lot worse if not fer that okonomiyaki dude. Are you okay?"
Katie grimaced. "They threw some big-time weirdos at us. A couple wrestler-lookin' dudes
who could actually fight."
Akane nodded. "They were cosplaying like Hard Gay and Real Gay."
Sōban nodded. "Fakes."
Curly shook his head. "Yeah, the Sickle Gang has been super into that leather look since
Razor Ramon HG first appeared on TV. Before that they used to dress in suits and be all
gentleman thieves."
"Like Tuxedo Kamen?" Katie asked.
"Yeah, exactly like that," Curly said.
Katie shook her head. "Definitely a downgrade. So, you got our guy?"
Curly nodded and turned to Sōban. "You can stop sittin' on him now."
With a nod, Sōban stood up to reveal a member of the Sickle Gang laid out and gasping for
breath. As soon as their leader was clear, the other members of the gang swarmed to make
sure he was pinned down by his limbs, and Katie, Akane, and Curly approached. Despite the
holds on him he thrashed and squirmed, his teeth clenched as he breathed heavily.
"You… you brats…!" He grunted. "Get your… surprisingly strong mitts… off me!"
Akane made a face. "Please, is it too hard to not make it weird?"
Curly agreed. "Yeah, these guys are turbo pervs. I'm actually sorry for all the catcalling we've
done…"
Katie walked over and squatted down next to the guy, looking down at him. "Howdy."
The Sickle Gang member looked up at her. "Ah, the gorilla woman who attacked us the other
day! Yeah, count your days… because when we're at our full strength there's no stopping–"
Katie reached down and took off his domino mask.
"Us… uh… ah-ah-ah… er… can I have that back? Please?"
Katie began rifling through the pockets of the man's short shorts and he squirmed more
urgently. "Hey! You don't need to be going through there, aren't you brats going to just torture
me–?!"
He paled when Katie pulled out his wallet.
"So, a neat trick my family taught me is that when you have someone who's a problem, it's
best to get ahold of their driver's license or ID." She explained. "You know, to hold onto so
you don't forget a face you don't like and a name to go with it."
She pulled the ID out and looked at it, then at the man's face. "Kawasaki Shinji… hey, it says
here you live in Japan."
The man suddenly pursed his lips together and began to sweat. Katie slipped the wallet—ID
and all—into her pocket. "Well then, what brings you over the wall and startin' shit with your
fellow leather lads?"
She gestured around. "Bear in mind, the quality of your answers determines who here gets to
kick your ass and for how long."
After looking around at his audience, from the extremely violent schoolgirl who was
glowering at him, to the high school boys he'd just been terrorizing, to the massive man that
led them, and finally back to the chilling young woman with eyes that did not hide her hunger
for carnage, the unmasked Sickle Gang member stopped struggling, and suddenly put on his
most polite face on as he nodded.
"Yes, I will answer whatever questions you want to ask, to the best of my ability."
Akane huffed in annoyance. "Of course."
"Cooperative interrogations are few and far between, now," Katie pointed out.
She then looked back down at the Sickle Gang member and placed her hand on his chest.
"Now… why have the Sickle Gang come back? It's been a few years."
The gangster gulped. "Because of the Special Administration District, our current leader
decided that it was a good time to begin the gang anew. There'd be l-less law enforcement
and we could get more members if there's less pressure from society…"
Katie closed her eyes as he spoke, then asked. "Who is the current leader of the Sickle Gang,
and what happened to the old one?"
"Kamaitachi… he's been in charge for four years now," the gang member said. "The true
leader, Kamaitachi's leader… I joined after he left. I haven't seen him."
"Why is the Sickle Gang working for a bunch of pretty boys who think they know kung fu?"
"Whoa," half the older boys in the group said at once in the same deep droning tone.
Akane didn't get it.
The Sickle Gang member gulped. "Because Kamaitachi h-has a crush on Suzuki."
Katie opened her eyes but kept them narrowed. "Is Kamaitachi planning to come after us
again?"
"Suzuki wants nobody to know that he was leaning on the Sickle Gang to get ahead of other
Host Clubs. This whole thing's got him scared that his club is going to be shut down if the
wrong people find out before he has a chance to hit them…"
And that incensed Katie. "Well, you can tell Kamaitachi that Suzuki's days are numbered one
way or another. He played with fire and unless you all want to burn with him, he'll sever that
connection on the fast side of pronto, y'hear?"
"Well… Kamaitachi doesn't really like the arrangement," the Sickle Gang member admitted.
"… And he wishes that he could just, you know… take what he wants…?"
Akane made a face at that. "You know, guys wanting to have their way with guys is just as
gross as guys trying to have their way with girls, or girls trying to have their way with guys."
Curly spoke up. "Or girls trying to have their way with girls."
Katie looked over at Curly. "You could've turned that into a lowbrow 'hurr hurr but girl on
girl is hot' bit but ya didn't; I think society misjudges you."
"Come on, we're delinquent bums, not monsters," Curly mock defended himself.
She stood to full height. "Anyway, I got two more questions for you, Kawasaki-san.
Penultimately: Say that this game of Suzuki's went on without a hitch—what's the endgame,
here?"
The Sickle Gangster hesitated before answering. "R-recruiting every able-bodied man into
the gang and taking over the SAD. Even up to taking on the Great Houses."
"And now for your final question: Why did the Sickle Gang break up?"
"The… the gang never really disbanded… more like downsized. Years ago, long before I
joined, they were going to fight a martial arts master named Happosai, who was hellbent on
destroying us… but then on the promised day, he disappeared. With Happosai gone, the true
leader faded from view, and no one knows why. Then a few years ago Kamaitachi was given
the role of leader, and the original leader vanished."
Katie nodded in understanding. "Well! I'm satisfied with your answers, so I'm gonna tell you
what:"
She gestured to everyone.
"We're all gonna start kicking you now—and we'll decide when we wanna stop."
The Sickle Gang member went pale. "Hey, I answered those questions the best I could,
doesn't that count for something?!"
Katie nodded. "It does, but I did not say a gosh darn thing about the quality of your answers
providin' any mercy."
She looked at the Butsumetsu boys. "Gentlemen." She nodded to Akane, who was with them,
grinning in malice. "My lady."
She gestured to their prisoner. "Put the boots to him, heavy style."
She looked down at him herself—her eyes glowing with her own fury. "He ain't so delicate."
@@@@@
To Ucchan's chagrin, he had lost sight of Kamaitachi right on the border of Butsumetsu and
Taian and was now standing atop the very top of a telephone pole with his arms folded and
his head bowed. He seethed in frustration, furious that his mark had escaped when he had
him dead to rights—and now he lost him.
"I was so close…" He grumbled, before he heard Daikoku Kaori step to the edge of a roof the
width of the sidewalk below away from the telephone pole. He turned to her, as she sat down
on the edge and scowled at him.
"You know," Kaori began, "I thought we were friends."
Ucchan turned to face her fully.
"And I thought that being friends meant that if you needed help, I'd be able to help you," she
continued. "But no, I guess… this is some weird macho flex that you gotta do?"
Ucchan frowned. "Do you have a point?"
Kaori tilted her head. "Do you?"
She crossed her arms and folded one leg over the other. "I get it; you don't wanna lose to
anyone, because that may mean you will lose to him. But uhhhh… it doesn't matter if you get
the runback, you've already got the L."
Ucchan's expression darkened.
"Oh yeah, mean-mugging; being a petulant sore loser is very manly of you," Kaori sharply
said. "You're not taking the Sickle Gang down alone."
Ucchan snorted. "I'm pretty sure I am. They're jokes; relying on shock value and their goofy
routine to get people's guards down. Without it, they're just leather punching bags."
Uncrossing his arms, Ucchan clenched his fists and looked down at the peaceful street below.
"And even if in the unlikely chance they aren't? I need to hone my skills."
"If you want to be better, you can spar and train with me. Or, with the two strongest, baddest
bitches Nerima has ever seen," Kaori argued.
Ucchan grunted and looked away.
"Yeah, you want him on that 1v1, and I respect that—I let you have that despite him bein'
responsible for my situation! But would it freaking kill you to let your friends lend their fists
so yours hit harder?"
Ucchan's frustration surged. "And what good will it do me if I can't beat these guys myself?!"
He looked down at his hands. "You're right. If I can't beat them, how can I beat Saotome
Ranma? I couldn't beat him once, no matter what I did."
"You were six," Kaori pointed out.
"I've gotten better, but he's been off doing who knows what for ten years. I don't know what
I'll be up against, so I need to be at my absolute best!"
Kaori sighed. "… So it has to be you alone versus the Sickle Gang?"
Ucchan shook his head. "No one else, not even Ryūnosuke."
Tilting her head up to the sky, Kaori sighed. "Fuck, you're dumb."
A growl left Ucchan's throat as Kaori looked back down at him.
"You'd already have gotten your hands on them if you were willing to play ball, jackass! You
think any of us would have begrudged you for claiming rights to the first punch?! At least let
us help you corral them so you're not late to the party and chasing who you wanna dance with
out the door!"
Ucchan stared at Kaori in silence, and a few moments passed after that.
Finally, Kaori spoke. "I know where Kamaitachi's hideout is."
That whipped the tension from Ucchan, and his expression brightened. "You do?"
Kaori gestured to herself. "Yeah, jackass, I'm a delivery girl! I've been in the back of every
business in the SAD that has a kitchen or food prep station in it!"
She shrugged her shoulders. "Amazing, right? And even more amazing, I've done deliveries
from a Gay Bar in Taian that has the same masks as the ones the Sickle Gang are wearing!
This is why you need to ask for help, I know this town better than you! I'm practically giving
away the nouns of this city and you don't want to tap that any more than you don't want to tap
this!"
Kaori gestured to herself for emphasis at the end of her rant, before she saw the look in
Ucchan's eyes, a look that promised the young man was going to do something very stupid
despite their heartfelt talk. "Oh no, I'm not gonna tell you."
Ucchan flew into a rage. "Why?!"
"Because you're gonna run off and try to fight them before I can round up a posse. If you
want to know which bar, then we do this with Akane, Katie, and Ryūnosuke. We'll grab the
Butsu boys, too, and make it a hellride."
Still seething, Ucchan looked away from Kaori and pulled his grimace. Kaori sighed and
closed her eyes.
"I care about you, Ukyo."
She opened her eyes and looked at him with earnest concern. "I don't want you to get hurt,
especially after how badly you got roughed up before."
She looked at his chest and arms, through his white shirt she could see the faintest of red.
"You've opened all your wounds worse than Ryūnosuke did fighting Kamaitachi. I'm amazed
that you could fight him like you did over at Butsumetsu… that you're still standing right
now."
Standing up, she gestured to him. "Take it easy; go back to Tofu's, get patched up, and get
some rest. I'll meet you with the girls and we can all deal with this together. And I'll even
make sure you get Kamaitachi all to yourself when it comes time to throw down."
With a sigh, Ucchan finally relented. "Fine… fine… I'll do that."
Kaori smiled cautiously. "No bullshit?"
Ucchan heaved a sigh and met Kaori's gaze. "No bullshit. You're right, sug… I can't do this
alone."
Kaori was filled with relief. "Good. I'm gonna go talk to the girls, and I'll see you later after
you've gotten some rest."
Ucchan nodded. "Yeah, got it. And um… thanks, Kaori-chan."
Smiling, Kaori nodded. "What are friends for?"
With that, she headed over to the other end of the roof and hopped off. Looking down at the
ground, Ucchan maneuvered from telephone pole to building face, to streetlight, to the
sidewalk. Landing in a crouch, he huffed as he felt the pain of his injuries throb.
"Haa… damn it… Kaori was right…" He muttered as he slowly rose to his full height.
However, he began walking in the opposite direction of Tofu's clinic, instead heading towards
Taian.
"… But it cannot be helped."
He closed his eyes to concentrate and push down the pain. "A gay bar in Taian with the same
masks, huh…? There can't be that many of those…"
Chapter End Notes
Those are some details, huh?
Chapter 29: Mockingbird
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"… So, my Dad's an asshole," Ryūnosuke, seated at the edge of the river with her knees
drawn to her chest, began as she stared at the street-lit waters below. "As long as I can
remember, he told me I was his son. He raised me like a boy, taught me how to fight and
stuff, and even gave me a boy's name. And I didn't know anything else so why even question
it?"
Nick, seated next to her, nodded. "Mmhm, I guess that didn't last long?"
"Lasted until I turned ten…" Ryūnosuke said with an implying edge to her voice.
Nick chuckled. "Ahh, I see. I have four daughters who all went through it around then."
Ryūnosuke rolled her eyes. "I freaked out so bad, but guess what my Dad said when I told
him?"
Nick gestured to her to go on. "What did he say?"
"He said it was a curse that afflicts men every full moon, one that I would have to train non-
stop to break."
She closed her eyes and shook her head in shame. "… And I freaking believed it."
Instead of mocking laughter, Nick absolved her with a gentle response. "It ain't your fault.
You were ten, and you didn't have anyone to tell you different."
Ryūnosuke stared at Nick, surprised he didn't take a cheap shot at her for not knowing
something that apparently was so obvious because of her dumbass Dad.
She looked down again at the river, and breathed in the scent of the cool, clean water flowing
past.
"I finally figured it out six months after that, when my old man sent me to school to get an
education and learn to run the shop. It was around that time other changes started happenin'
and I was getting picked on by other kids."
"Early bloomer, huh?" When Ryūnosuke nodded, Nick hummed in sympathy. "Kids are
cruel."
"Yeah, well I was worse," Ryūnosuke said with a bit of pride. "Kicked all their butts."
Nick nodded. "Attagirl."
"But that's how reality kinda kicked in. The teachers didn't understand why the kids were all
picking on me, and I was fighting them, until finally we had to have a parent-teacher meeting
about all my fighting. With me and the boys that I fought with."
Ryūnosuke curled up more, as embarrassment began to settle in. "… I don't think I wanna tell
this part of the story, it's really messed up."
Rather than press the subject, Nick nodded. "No pressure."
Sitting in silence once again, Ryūnosuke took a deep breath and ignored the throbbing of her
injuries… made worse by her stomach growling.
A moment after her stomach churned, Nick got up. "… You hungry?"
"Why?" Ryūnosuke asked.
Nick rubbed his chin. "… Because I'm buyin'."
Ryūnosuke's eyebrows rose a little bit.
Fifteen minutes later, after taking her order, he came back with takeout. Ryūnosuke now held
a paper cardboard container of rice, beef, vegetables, and seafood in her hand and was
hungrily scarfing it down. Nick sat beside her once more, eating his own container of fried
noodles and chicken.
"Thanks, old man," Ryūnosuke said between bites.
Nick snorted in mock offense. "Do I look old to you?"
"Please, you're above 20, you're old." Ryūnosuke chided back.
Nick ran that logic through his head. "Okay, that's fair."
"You act like an old man at least. All polite and shit, not like the man-children I know
wherever I go…" She grumbled.
Shoving his mouth full of noodles, Nick waited for Ryūnosuke to decide if she wanted to talk
about it, and after a few moments of consideration she went on unprompted. "At the meeting,
the principal demanded an explanation for why I was getting into fights, and the boys I beat
up said it was because I was a girl in the boy's bathroom."
She tilted her head down. "I got angry for being called a girl, because Dad taught me that
being called a girl was the worst thing ever, and that if anyone called me a girl, they were
shaming my manhood and I should fight them like the sea."
Nick lifted an eyebrow. "… Like the sea?"
"Yeah, the sea, my Dad freaking hates it. I think it's rad as hell."
There were no disagreements there. "Yeah, the sea is kinda cool. My family has a house by it.
We go there in the winter when it's storming to watch the waves crash in."
Ryūnosuke liked the sound of that. "Oh, that must be awesome…"
She went back to her story. "Anyway, my Dad was the one who freaked out even worse. He
actually said he'd kick their asses if they said I was a girl, and then the boys' fathers got up in
his face, and it turned into a big argument. My teacher, who I really liked, took me aside
outside of the office and she asked me some questions that nobody ever asked me before—
especially about the 'curse' I kept talking about every month when it came."
Nick understood where this was going. "… She figured it out, huh?"
Ryūnosuke nodded. "When she explained that… that's just how girls are and the stuff I was
going through was normal for girls… it clicked, yannow?"
She smiled a bit. "… It made sense; for the first time ever I was a girl, and it was… normal."
Her eyes narrowed a little. "After the meeting, and my Dad being barred from ever setting
foot on the school grounds again. We went home and I said to him that what the teacher said
made sense, and that I was a girl. He didn't like that."
"Took you out of that school and tried to drill into your skull that you were a boy, huh?" Nick
asked.
"Yep, but there was no goin' back, and I've been fighting that idiot ever since." Ryūnosuke
resumed eating. "No calling myself a girl, no girl's clothes, no girl's interests, and definitely
no boys… not that there'd be any boys that I like…"
Nick took a long, deep breath, then exhaled so hard that Ryūnosuke swore she saw the
surface of the river ripple in front of him.
After a few long moments, he asked. "Where do you live, kiddo, at the school?"
Hesitantly, she nodded. "Yeah, but…"
"I'm gonna put you up for the night at a hotel," Nick then said.
Ryūnosuke gave Nick a suspicious side-eye. "… Excuse me?"
Nick got up again. "Actually, a few nights. You don't need to be going back to your father."
Ryūnosuke leaned a bit away from Nick. "Listen old man, you're easy to talk to, but I'm
not…"
Looking at her, he cut her off. "Does the name Fujinami Masako mean anything to you?"
Ryūnosuke stopped talking, her mouth falling open. Blinking in disbelief, she now had many,
many questions—but she knew the first she had to ask right now.
"… That's my mother's name, do you know her?"
Nick reached into the jacket of his suit, and pulled out a polaroid picture, before handing it to
her. Ryūnosuke, with a trembling hand, reached out and took the photo from him. It was a
photo of three women sitting at a table at an outdoor café. One was a blonde, beaming
woman holding a fussy, redheaded baby on her lap.
On her left was a woman with fiery red hair like Nick, and she was holding a black-haired
infant who was looking at the camera with green eyes just like its mother's. On her right was
a beautiful woman who radiated joy and relief as she held up an infant that Ryūnosuke
recognized from her own baby pictures.
Nick pointed at the woman holding her infant self. "That's your mother."
He pointed at the baby. "And that's…"
Ryūnosuke stared at the picture, in disbelief. "… Me…"
She looked up at him. "… Who… who the hell are you, old man?"
"I'm a close friend of your mother," Nick explained. "Years and years ago… I came to Japan
for some work and during that time I stayed with your parents. Your mother was… and still is
a Saint. Your father was, and to my horror still is… a delusional jackass."
"Where was I?" Ryūnosuke asked.
"You were a newborn, and while your mother was ecstatic to have a daughter, your father got
started early on this business of you being his firstborn son."
Nick sighed. "I am not proud to admit that the man was so deeply entrenched in denial that he
convinced me that you were a boy, and your mother was the crazy one claiming you were a
girl."
He tapped the side of his head. "But like the monthly troubles, there was always an
inevitability that comes with caring for an infant still in diapers. At your Mom's insistence—
and given I had three kids under my belt by then—I took a crack at changing you and learned
the truth."
Ryūnosuke blinked. "So you've literally known me since I was a baby."
"That's right, kiddo." Nick folded his arms. "Given the situation you were in? I did the only
thing I knew to do."
"That bein'?"
"I swept your Mom off her feet and took the both of you back to the US with me."
Ryūnosuke blinked in surprise. "… I've been to America?"
"Yeah, look at that photo. That's the Seattle Space Needle in the background." At his
instruction she looked, and indeed in the background was the iconic structure of Seattle's
skyline.
"Whoa…" She stopped. "Wait… how'd I end up back with my dad?"
Nick's nonchalance disappeared, replaced with a stewing fury. "Fucking Canada."
Ryūnosuke tilted her head to one side. "… Canada?"
"Your father, the mad bastard, swam completely across the Pacific Ocean—allegedly—and
made landfall in Vancouver. The second he got a microphone in his face; he unleashed this
unholy sob story about how his wife betrayed him and kidnapped his son and flew half the
world away to disappear."
Ryūnosuke was struck. "… And they freaking bought that?!"
"Oh yeah, the 'poor fisherman who crosses the sea to rescue his infant child from his
adulterous wife' angle was eaten up by everyone. It became an international freaking media
circus and due to my work dragging me back to Asia at the time and my wife being banned
from entering Canada, there was nothing either of us could do when he caught your Mom
slipping, snatched you up, and ran back across the border."
He seethed. "That was that. They put him and 'his son' on the first plane back to Tokyo,
patting themselves on the back the whole time, and the second it touched down you both
leaped off the grid."
Ryūnosuke blinked again, and a trembling rage ran through her, adrenaline seeping back into
her system and disappearing the pain again. "… Let me find out that's why we always open
Hamachiya on different beaches every year."
"Oh yeah, your Dad worked hard to disappear; your Mom came back to Japan three times to
try to find you after she and all of us were able to convince those maple syrup-addicted, self-
righteous jackasses that they fucked up."
He smiled. "Then the aliens showed up, and you had all the luck of getting mired in the life
of Moroboshi Ataru. When the name Fujinami Ryūnosuke popped up in stories related to
him, your Mom started investigating. Since I was already here in the SAD for more work, I
didn't hesitate to add finding you to my itinerary."
Ryūnosuke's head was starting to spin. "So… because of Ataru my Mom was able to find
me… and she never stopped looking…?"
"Of course not, you're her daughter."
After staring at Nick in silence for a moment, Ryūnosuke slowly turned her attention inward,
and poked herself in the ribs. When she tensed in pain, she grew wide-eyed.
"I ain't dreaming… my Mom is lookin' for me, and she's way prettier than all those other
pictures of women Dad used to show me."
Nick paused. "What other women?"
Ryūnosuke groaned. "Ugh… the women he'd show me pictures of whenever I'd ask about my
Mom. He'd go into this whole thing where he'd show me a picture of some random woman
and then say how she's either dead or left and far away. Anytime I think I'd go out of my way
to find out anything about my Mom, he'd interfere…"
Slowly, Nick nodded. "I see…"
"And that's just the tip of the iceberg. He lies about stuff all the time, usually so he doesn't
have to share food with me, or so I don't try to do girly things."
When she looked back up at him, Nick was cast in silhouette for a moment. She could only
make out his eyes and she realized they were widely dilated. "Uh… you okay, old timer?"
When Nick looked at her, the fearful presence was gone. "Let's get going, kiddo. There's a
nice place in Taian I can put you up in."
Ryūnosuke perked up. "Taian…?"
"Yeah," Nick said, "And uh… while we walk and talk… tell me more about the nonsense
your sperm donor pulls on you."
Slowly getting up, Ryūnosuke cocked her head to one side. "Sperm donor?"
Nick began walking away, his expression filled with a dark and stormy fury. "Yeah… because
that son of a gun ain't got no right bein' called yer Daddy."
@@@@@
It was lunch time at Tomobiki High School, and despite the foolish and ill-advised efforts of
the faculty at the behest of Mendō Shūtaro, many students were happily strolling off campus
to eat lunch. Ryūnosuke was not one of those students, as she was in 3-4 with a handsomely
spread-out lunch on her desk and Shinobu and Lum joining her for it.
She was in the middle of regaling them with the story of how she met their new teacher and
the shocking connection she had with him.
"That's amazing!" Shinobu said, stunned beyond measure. "And Sherman-sensei just… found
you?"
"Yeah," Ryūnosuke replied, "He put me up in a nice room and during Golden Week he took
me to a fancy hospital to get patched up, took me shopping for all the girly stuff I could ever
want, and he even got me a phone and a laptop."
"Wow!" Lum said. "Are you sure he's not really just trying to be one of those candy father
things?"
Shinobu looked at the alien. "For fuck's sake, Lum!"
Ryūnosuke huffed smugly. "Nah, he ain't a weirdo or anything like that! He's just giving me
all the stuff I should have but my Sperm Donor keeps refusin' me!"
She pulled at the collar of her uniform, revealing a blue strap on her right shoulder. "See? I'm
actually wearin' a bra! No more chest wraps for me!"
Half the boys in the classroom stood and violently craned their necks to look without getting
too close. When Ryūnosuke noticed them and pulled her collar back with an annoyed sweep
of her gaze, they remained in their positions—because Ryūnosuke in a girl's uniform was still
a beautiful sight.
Shinobu had not lost sight of the plot. "… Sperm donor?"
Ryūnosuke leaned forward a bit towards Shinobu. "You've known me for almost a year,
Miyake. You tell me that the idiot who raised me to be a boy, treatin' me like shit the whole
time, has any right to be called my Dad!"
Lum nodded. "She has a point, Shinobu-cha."
"It's just kind of an extreme shift, that's all…" Shinobu tried to defend.
Shaking her head, Ryūnosuke vehemently disagreed. "Hello! This is almost two decades past
due! That idiot kidnapped me from my mother and made me live with him in that stupid tea
shop! Pretending I was a man and bullying me whenever I tried to be the girl I am! Do you
know what they call that in a normal world?! Child abuse!"
Shinobu grimaced at Ryūnosuke saying such a thing. "Ehh… don't say something like that so
loud…"
Ryūnosuke huffed. "Whatever you don't wanna call it… it's more than enough for me to not
want anything to do with that insult to men anymore."
Ataru, whose gaze had been fixed on Ryūnosuke's general direction, closed his eyes and gave
a hum of wistful contemplation. "Ryū-chan is right, a father who cannot be proud of having
such a smoking hot daughter has no right calling himself a man, let alone a father."
Shinobu went from pensive to tired disgust. "You almost had it, Ataru."
"I don't even feel like zapping him." Lum muttered.
Ataru turned in his chair to face her fully. "But what are you going to do about that jerk? He's
gonna find out eventually, right?"
Lum noticed a trembling that slowly grew in volume and intensity as Ryūnosuke replied.
"Yeah, he is. As a matter a'fact, I'm lucky he didn't find out this morning when I came to
class. I had to sneak in the back, you know–?"
The door to class 3-4 was slammed open with such force that the door broke. The entire class
turned to see Ryūnosuke's father standing in the doorway, his angular face sharpened into a
scowl aimed at his child.
"Ah." The entire classroom said as one.
Rather than throw a fit, Ryūnosuke just kept eating.
"Ryūnosuke," her father said, "Why are you crossdressing in class?"
She didn't bother correcting him. "Why are you interrupting my lunch?"
"Boy, do you realize what kind of fool you're making yourself out to be?" He asked.
"Hmph." Ryūnosuke looked up at her father, then smirked. "I look amazing."
She turned to her classmates, smiling. "Right guys?"
The other male students in class—with the exception of Hokuto, who has a girlfriend—
immediately agreed with a lovestruck expression at Ryūnosuke's dreamy smile.
It actually made her jump, how quickly they turned from quietly staring to simping.
"… Wow, that's powerful…"
Lum agreed. "Feminine beauty is great, use it wisely Ryū-cha."
Ryūnosuke nodded in agreement to those sage words, then looked up at her father, who was
now standing over her. He was… crying?
"What?"
Her gaze flattened, and she glowered at her father, as he looked outward towards the
windows of the classroom. "Ryūnosuke, your mother was a frail woman, who gave all her
strength to bring you into this world."
Rolling her eyes, Ryūnosuke resumed eating as she let him speak.
"All of her love, all of her life was sacrificed to you, our first born and only," he said
dramatically. "It was with her dying breath, her last words in this world, that she whispered to
me her final wish—that I make you a man among men, whose fists could split the waves and
tame the sea."
"Mmhm," Ryūnosuke responded with her mouth full.
"I carried that wish, that burden, alone in my heart," the elder Fujinami went on, "And though
I may have been unduly harsh, my keeping you on the path to manhood was how my wife…
your mother… could reach you from beyond…"
He stopped and looked at her lunch. "Wait… is that fatty tuna?!"
Ryūnosuke ate another piece without hesitating. "Mmm, yep!"
Forgetting about his spiel, her father slammed his hands on the desk, then got in close. "Oi,
share with your old man."
In response, Ryūnosuke stuffed another piece of the expensive sushi into her mouth. "Mm-
mm."
He reeled back, filled with indignation. "You ungrateful…! Where'd you even get this, huh?!"
Savoring the bittersweet tenderness of her fish, Ryūnosuke took a moment to chew and
swallow her sushi, before giving her father a pleasant smile filled with broken, jagged steel.
"… He gave it to me."
"He?" Her father repeated.
"That's 'He' With a capital H," Nick said from the front of the class, as he set down a few cans
of soda.
"You know, because I'm Him."
Fujinami turned several shades whiter than his dingy casual clothes, when he heard Nick's
voice behind him. Ryūnosuke's smug smile at his reaction faded when a new one followed—
her father's skin turned from titanium white… to a shade of red that rapidly deepened.
Once more, there was a shaking Lum noticed—but she was not alone in her awareness, as
Shinobu, Ataru, and the other students began looking around while the walls shook, and the
windows rattled.
Ryūnosuke's father turned to face the teacher, whose eyebrows rose in surprise at his
transformation. "Hey Fuji-kun, how many gates did you just open…?"
And then Fujinami was a blur, shooting down the row of desks straight for Nick as he drew
his fist back. Reaching him, he opened his mouth and bellowed out a single word.
"FONTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAINE!"
There was a tremendous crash and a plume of dust, drywall, chalkboard, and wood—as
Ryūnosuke's Dad met the wall behind Nick at the highest possible speed of his lunge.
Standing just to his left of where he had been standing in Fujinami's path, Nick looked at the
man and the perfect outline of his body in the wall.
Picking up a can of juice, Nick tossed it over the heads of several students to Ryūnosuke,
then took his own can and popped the tab. "It's Fontaine Sherman now, Fuji-kun."
He placed a hand on his cheek and flushed. "I'm a happily married man."
Taking a sip of his drink, he then gestured to him and the hole he made with the can. "You're
gonna clean that up, right? This is my first day of class."
The atmosphere was far less light behind him, as the students got up and backed away from
the confrontation—no one expecting Ryūnosuke's Dad to go berserk and attack someone
other than his daughter.
Some reconsidered that observation, and actually felt bad.
Ryūnosuke stood up, actually surprised that her father was capable of such destructive power
—while simultaneously giddy that he whiffed it. "Geez, what the hell, you bastard?! Why'd
you attack the teach?!"
Fujinami pushed himself out of the wall. "Why…? Why did I attack…"
He turned and glared at Nick. "… THIS MAN?!"
As Nick sipped his juice, the elder Fujinami explained. "Ryūnosuke, my son. It is time that
you know the truth! All your life, I have been training you—preparing you for the hardest
battle of your life! A foe stronger than the sea! A demon king of the depths with no rival!"
Raising a finger, he pointed it at Nick. "THIS MAN, THIS DEVIL! IS THE ETERNAL
ENEMY OF OUR FAMILY!"
Ryūnosuke nodded. "I know."
Fujinami stopped. "Ah?"
"Yeah, I've been hanging out for the last three days with him, you weirdo. Where do you
think I got the uniform, the food, the makeup, and—oh yeah, lookit this."
She lifted her shirt with one hand, revealing her bra. "I burned the wraps you piece of shit.
I'm never goin' back."
All the boys in the class—including Hokuto, who had a girlfriend—craned forward
awkwardly to look at Ryūnosuke's chest before she dropped her uniform's top.
Ryūnosuke did not begrudge them, because all the girls looked, too.
Ataru, who gave up all the math he learned in fourth grade to burn that image into his
memory, spoke up. "Yeah, she just spent the last half-hour telling us about the teach being an
old friend of your wife and how he tried to save her and Ryū-chan from you."
The elder Fujinami whirled upon Nick in fury. "Old friend?! Is that all my Masako is to you,
now?!"
Nick enjoyed another sip of his juice. "I mean, it's a little more intimate than friends—but I'm
not gonna tell your daughter about how Masako and I get up to this and that."
Like a raging demon, Fujinami punched Nick, but succeeded in only hitting the can with such
force that it flew across the room and bounced off Ataru's forehead.
"Man down!" Kōsuke shouted.
Ryūnosuke got up. "Oi! What the hell?!"
Her father kept attacking, throwing punch after punch at Nick, who swayed and dipped
around the man to avoid each blow.
"You know, Fuji-kun," he said while moving in a full circle around Fujinami and his flailing
punches. "I was enjoying that juice; it was the last one in the machine and for some reason
the school's shop is closed."
"It's not enough that you stole my wife from me! Turned her into an adulterous fiend!"
Fujinami yelled as he swung on Nick. "But now, after years of making me suffer, you've
come back for my SON?!"
The class watched as Nick dodged each punch with the skill of a professional boxer. Leaning
from side to side to avoid his crosses, he picked up another can of juice. Ducking and
weaving under a hook, he popped the tab with his teeth and walked back from Fujinami's
rampaging blows towards the window.
"Fuji-kun, I'm gonna be honest with you," Nick said as he used a gap in his attacker's
punches to reach the classroom window closest to the front and opened it. "I ain't here to
humor yer bullshit."
"You won't take my son…!" Fujinami yelled, not caring what Nick had to say otherwise.
The feeling was mutual as Nick moved with such speed under and around Ryūnosuke's
father, that to everyone watching it appeared that Nick had been standing in front of the open
window and then abruptly was behind the lunging man.
"But if you're gonna insist on being a joke, lemme provide the punchline." With that he
turned and kicked the man in the back. The blow didn't appear to be very fast or forceful, but
when it connected there was a very loud thump and Fujinami's whole body arched as he
immediately lost consciousness.
He fell forward, out the window. As the third-year classes of Japanese High Schools were on
the ground floor, old man Fujinami dropped unceremoniously into the bushes below the
windowsill, his legs sticking out of it comically, twitching in spasm.
Lowering his foot, Nick closed the window and locked it before walking back over to his
desk. Still sipping his juice, he looked at the hole in the wall Ryūnosuke's father made, then
at his class.
"Well, shoot," he lamented. "Looks like y'all got free study while I work to get this cleaned
up. Don't trash the class—I'm gonna find out who fixes things 'round here and give 'em a
holler."
Ryūnosuke watched as Nick traipsed out the door, her eyes sparkling.
With Lum on the floor, attending to Ataru, Shinobu was left to appraise the starstruck
expression on Ryūnosuke's face. She stared at her closely, and then looked back towards the
door.
"You make a crack about it being springtime, and I'll sock you," Ryūnosuke said.
Shinobu shook her head. "No, it's not that. This is the first time you've ever had a real father
figure in your life, isn't it?"
Ryūnosuke nodded. "You're cool with your old man, aren't you?"
"Mostly; especially since I stopped dating Ataru," Shinobu replied.
"Is this what having a Dad is like?" She asked, feeling giddy. "I've only known the guy for a
few days, and he's done all this for me without askin' for anything or wantin' me to do
something ridiculous like beat him in a fight."
Shinobu wanted to call the starstruck look around Ryūnosuke cute. Smiling, she shrugged her
shoulders. "Well, there's a thing parents are supposed to have for their kids called
unconditional love. Maybe that's what it is."
With the concept being utterly foreign to Ryūnosuke—for obvious reasons—she hummed in
consideration. "Are kids supposed to have that for their parents, too?"
"For a while," Shinobu said. "I mean, after a certain point kids have to go their own way,
right?"
Ataru, risen, joined Ryūnosuke's side. "There's another kind of unconditional love—not
between parent and child, but man and woman."
He looked down at her, looking more handsome and tender than he ever had before in his
life, his eyes gentler, his jaw squarer, his hair more perfect than that of a werewolf drinking a
piña colada at Trader Vic's. "Ryū-chan, I…"
Ryūnosuke raised her hand into his face, stopping him. "Please go to the front of the class so
Lum can zap you there."
Lum didn't even wait and gave him a quick hard zap without causing any collateral.
"Gahhhhh!" As Ataru was all-naturally electric rifled, Ryūnosuke brought her balled up
hands together at her chest and bounced in place.
"Well, whatever! Here I am wearin' a girl's uniform and makeup given to me by someone
who knows my mother—and he just kicked the butt of the only person who could take it
from me!" Ryūnosuke clenched her fists, stars in her eyes. "He's so cool!"
Kōsuke, mesmerized like all of the other boys by Ryūnosuke's pure joy, leaned forward
towards Hokuto. "… Bro, she's so fucking precious…"
Hokuto was not mesmerized by the wholesome Ryūnosuke. In fact, he was in full detail,
glowering straight ahead at the mess the elder Fujinami made while being so effortlessly
dispatched. Kōsuke noticed Hokuto's intensity and joined him in it.
"Hm? What's the matter?" Kōsuke asked.
"That man," Hokuto said as he narrowed his eyes dramatically, "He is not what he seems at
all."
"Obviously," Kōsuke agreed with a nod.
Hokuto lowered his head slightly. "Besides that… something about him reminds me of
someone…"
He then remembered the tall, green eyed Furinkan girl in front of Ucchan's.
"… Ah…"
Chapter End Notes
Ryūnosuke is free, but for how long...?
Chapter 30: Hello World
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"You know," Nabiki said as she watched Katie and Akane spar at lunch later that day. "I kind
of expected the two of you to take those Ls a lot harder than you have."
Katie and Akane were rapidly trading punches, blocking and redirecting each other's strikes
like well-oiled machines. While Akane's strikes were extremely fast, Katie seemed to know
both where her kouhai's hands would be and how her hands would be positioned to intercept
the strikes.
Akane on the other hand was nimbler, ducking and weaving with impressive neck work any
punches she couldn't parry.
Stopping and bowing to signal a time out so no one got knocked out trying to talk to the
person kibitzing from the side, Katie turned to Nabiki.
"Well, neither of us lost cuz we didn't take 'em seriously," Katie reasoned, rather casual about
it.
"Besides, the fight ended before we got a second wind," Akane said, before snorting, "And
it's not like I'm not pissed—it's just there's better ways to put my energy to use."
Nabiki rolled her eyes, figuring her little sister was trying to be cool in front of her Senpai.
"So, have you figured out that guy didn't go down when you clocked him?"
Akane grimaced but refrained from snapping at her sister.
"They gave the names of those wrestler guys you mentioned, if I heard 'em right." Katie
reasoned. "Even if it wasn't really them, maybe they learned somethin' similar."
"… Yeah," Akane said, nodding, "It was like I was hitting him, but he wasn't taking the full
brunt of it. I might as well have been punching paper that's floating in the air."
Katie hummed as she pictured it. "Sounds right. It's a good way to avoid getting hurt while
performing—but in a real fight something like that is impossible without the cooperation of
your opponent. You need to have super sharp reflexes and to know where the attack is
coming from and what you need to do to avoid harm."
Nabiki chimed in. "Not that the guy minded the pain."
"Don't remind me." Akane complained, feeling revulsion forcing bile up as she thought about
it.
"That's why next time, I'll have a go at him," Katie said, nodding a little as she formulated a
response, "If I'm right, he ain't gonna like a round with me. The other guy'll be tricky though.
He ain't gotta be close to do his damage."
Nabiki nodded. "Didn't he, like, long range slap you with 'it?'"
"NABIKI!" Akane yelled, she really didn't need that image to even begin to make its way
into her head.
Katie chuckled at Akane's discomfort. "Well, while it was with a whole different kind of
sword, that attack of his was not unlike Kuno's."
"Ugh." Akane rolled her eyes.
While they were on the subject. "So, it's like the thing Kuno did with his bokken… and what
you did to block it before you disarmed him."
Katie punched her fist into her palm and nodded. "As sure as an Oregon rainy season.
Pushing the air around with a punch or kick is possible if yer strong enough. Heck, there's
even a name for the actual technique: Cavitation."
Akane was intrigued. "Cavitation?"
Katie nodded. "Mmhm! It's displacing the air with such force that a bubble of low-pressure
forms around your fist. When your movement stops, connection or not, the bubble goes on
and collapses—creatin' a shockwave that hits and goes through whatever you're punchin'."
That sounded incredibly simple to Akane. Too simple. "Wait… that's all it is?"
Katie nodded again. "I mean, the trainin' for it is ridiculous—and dangerous—but if you can
master it? Woo doggie…"
Nabiki chimed in. "Do you know how to train it?"
"Sure do, I did it myself." Katie proudly revealed. "It requires you to take a swim to about
two hundred meters below the ocean, and practice punchin' when you're on the bottom until
you start cavitatin'."
Akane blanched.
"And you gotta do it on yer breath alone, no scuba gear or anythin' like that. The equipment
would get in the way anyway."
Akane went even whiter.
Katie sensed it. "… You okay?"
"I-I'm fine…" Akane reminded her. "I'm just… not a good swimmer?"
She remembered. "Aw… sorry if I triggered some fears there, hon."
Bowing her head, Akane sighed. "You have no idea…"
Nabiki tapped a finger to her chin. "You seemed more surprised he could do it at all."
Katie nodded. "It was a shock for sure that he could punch with his junk. It hit hard up close
but didn't have a whole lotta reach."
Akane refrained from getting upset.
Nabiki didn't let the opportunity slip by. "A common malady amongst Japanese males… or so
I've heard."
"Gosh!" Akane felt her cheeks flare up.
"… Wasn't where I was headed with that, but considerin' the force would be tied to how hard
he could thrust…" Katie said, pondering the dimensions of the earlier encounter. "Next time,
you should take him."
Akane raised an eyebrow. "So switch up our opponents?"
"His slightly below average length is exploitable," Katie explained, ignoring Nabiki's snicker
and Akane's paling. "Yer the one from a school that also uses weapons, right?"
"Well, yeah." Akane wasn't sure how exactly it was relevant.
"Then ya simply use somethin' that can bang that buck down from outside his range." Katie
said as if it was the simplest thing.
Nabiki coughed to dispel the awkward atmosphere from how Katie phrased that. "Anyway,
even with most of the laws rescinded, there was no way they were gonna leave guns lying
around."
"Wasn't meaning that," Katie said, looking thoughtful. "They teachin' anythin' like archery
here?"
"Yeah, but I refused to join any of the clubs because of Kuno," Akane said, "And I don't want
to rely on that."
"But ya got somethin' in mind?" Katie asked.
"Yeah, I think I got an idea," Akane said, nodding a bit.
Nabiki was about to say something when a figure suddenly dropped practically on top of her.
"Ah?!"
"Oop, sorry! Forgot to check if the LZ was cleared!" Kaori apologized, rubbing the back of
her neck.
"Howdy, girl," Katie greeted, "What's got you in such a hurry?"
Kaori turned to her and Akane. "I did some poking around, asked some questions, and fell
back on my months of deliveries 'round Nerima, but I know where the Sickle Gang's hideout
is."
Akane grew serious. "Where?!"
"It's at a gay bar in Taian called Ikemen Teikoku." Kaori revealed. "It's actually one of the
more popular ones, and the food's pretty good, too…"
Nabiki gave Kaori a look. "You're not trying to sell us on going there."
"You wouldn't even be allowed to go in, you high schoolers," said the young woman the same
age as Katie and Nabiki.
Katie gave Kaori a light chop atop her head. "She means goin' on about stuff that ain't
pertinent to the situation—and besides, there ain't a bar I've been to that a fake ID can't get
me in."
Nabiki took Katie's height into the equation. "Not surprised."
Kaori rubbed her scalp. "We won't need IDs anyway if we just storm the place with the boys
from Butsumetsu and thrash the ever-loving life out of Kamaitachi and his friends."
On that, Katie agreed. "True that, but this kinda raises a few questions now…"
Now Kaori was curious. "Like…?"
When Katie answered, there was an edge of annoyance in her voice. "Thems questions are
more for Kamaitachi durin' or after I'm done mashin' his face into fertilizer."
"What about our vengeful idiots?" Nabiki asked. "Should we get them in on this or what?"
Katie shook her head. "Ryūnosuke ain't a problem for the moment, but Ucchan is…"
"Don't worry about him," Kaori replied, "I sent him on his way to Tofu's to get patched up.
He'll probably be good to go by sundown."
Nabiki had a thought. "… Did you take him to Tofu's, or did you just tell him to go there?"
Kaori turned to her. "I told him to go, and he said he would."
Nabiki nodded. "… How'd you get him to cool off?"
"I told him I know where the hideout is, but I didn't tell him where specifically," Kaori
replied.
Realizing what Nabiki was inferring, Kaori grew annoyed. "Hey! Ucchan may be a stubborn
idiot, but even he recognized the bad shape he was in! He wouldn't be able to lift his spatula
to swing it at Kamaitachi, let alone fight him inside his own hideout!"
Nabiki let out a sigh and pulled out her phone. "Just to be sure… let's give the Doc a call."
Katie looked at Akane, who was fuming at Nabiki's complete lack of faith, then at Kaori. "…
Hon, let the girl call him."
Shutting her eyes, Kaori took a deep breath. "She has to be wrong, because otherwise…"
The call connected, and Nabiki turned on the speaker.
"Hello, Tofu Clinic, Dr. Tofu Ono speaking." Dr. Tofu greeted.
"Hey doc, it's me, Nabiki—I got you on speaker phone," Nabiki said preemptively.
"How can I help you?" Dr. Tofu asked.
"Is Ucchan there at the clinic?" Nabiki replied.
There was a pause before Dr. Tofu answered. "No, he's not. Should I expect him?"
Kaori went stiff. "… He was less than five minutes away from the clinic…"
"I'd say yes. Give me a call if he does show up," Nabiki asked.
"O-oh, okay, thank you for the heads up," Dr. Tofu politely answered, "Is there anything
else?"
Nabiki turned off the speaker and brought the phone to her ear. "No, that'll be all doc. Bye."
As the middle Tendo sister ended the call, Kaori was trembling with anger. "No, no, no… that
idiot…!"
Katie groaned. "I'll call Curly and see if they can spare some manpower." She turned to
Akane. "Yo, Akaneko, looks like we're goin' to be big damn heroes again."
"Twice in one day?" Akane asked as she turned to grab up her bag. "I haven't even had my
lunch!"
With that in consideration, Katie held out her hand. "Siddown and eat it, then."
Akane paused. "Eh?"
"Me an' Kaori are just gonna go round up Ucchan and drag him kicking and screaming over
to Tofu's. He doesn't know where the bar is, so he'll probably just be off somewhere broodin'
and biding his time to strike."
"Or thrashing the whole SAD to find the hideout by process of elimination," Nabiki noted. "I
mean, he knows the hideout is here and not, say, outside the walls… right?"
Kaori went pale, and Katie, Akane, and Nabiki all turned to look at her.
"Kaori, hon, sugar pie… what did you do?" Katie asked, her tone increasingly pensive.
Daikoku Kaori didn't even try to save face. "I fucked up."
"… How?" Akane said, not liking the vindication in Nabiki's eyes.
Looking down at her feet, Kaori sighed and fessed. "… I told him their hideout was a gay
bar."
Katie was horrified. "KAORI. THERE ARE ONLY THREE IN THE SAD."
"You might need to bring a bucket to take what's left of Ucchan to Tofu's, then," Nabiki
suggested.
Akane forwent her lunch as she pointed at Nabiki. "You hush!" She turned to Katie and
Kaori. "Senpai… let's go save this idiot."
Katie nodded in agreement. "Giddyup, then."
Kaori went right back to seething as the three girls took off. "I swear on my business license,
Ucchan… if you are that stupid…!"
Watching the three young women hop the wall and depart, Nabiki shrugged her shoulders and
looked at her phone. "I oughta bring Kodachi into the loop…"
"If you do not mind my intrusion," Mendō Shūtaro said, as he emerged from behind a tree,
now that the girls he wasn't allowed to speak to were gone, "But I would like to know what's
going on as well."
Nabiki looked up from her phone and at him. "No."
"If there's a price for information, I'm willing to pay," Mendō then offered.
Money was nice, but there was something with Mendō here she didn't trust. "I can't believe
I'm saying this, but I'd rather not take your cash, Troublemaker. I'm on retainer with
Kodachi."
Mendō knelt before her. "My intentions are noble and pure; I have pledged myself to
Kodachi-sama and as you are her retainer, I serve you as well. I only wish to understand this
crisis that I have stumbled upon. Who are these masked men, and what threat do they pose to
this beautiful school?"
Nabiki huffed in amusement and got up. It was her idea anyway they keep this idiot around,
so perhaps it was time to put him to good use. "Let's talk to Kodachi about it and see what
she wants to do about keeping you informed."
@@@@@
Ikemen Teikoku, contrary to Kaori's description as a mere gay bar, was a much more
sophisticated and discreet establishment. It was a place where men could come and be freed
from the burdens of family, work, and society to be who they really were—all with the
application of a mask.
The plain white masks that were mandatory for all patrons to wear brought with them
freedom from an oppressive and judgemental world, and the comfort that they were not alone
in their anonymity.
Today, unfortunately, was not a pleasant day for business.
Deep within the recesses of the red brick building's most coveted and luxurious lounge,
Kamaitachi lit a cigarette and leaned his elbow on the table beneath an extravagant but dimly
powered chandelier that still had enough light to set the room glimmering around him. The
booth around him was empty, though two of his men guarded the seats.
Across from him, all alone, was a seething Suzuki. His collar popped, his hair was mussed,
and there was a fury burning in his eyes as he glowered at the leader of the Sickle Gang.
"What the hell was that?!" He demanded.
Kamaitachi blew out some smoke. "Defeat, that happens sometimes. That okonomiyaki chef
and those Furinkan girls showed up at Butsumetsu after fucking Mendō Shūtaro showed up at
Furinkan and sent all my guys running in fear. I haven't even heard back from them."
Suzuki scoffed. "An infant with no limbs could crush Mendō Shūtaro in a fight!"
Contrary to what Kawasaki Shinji said to his interrogators, Kamaitachi did not like Suzuki.
"Are you freaks that useless?!"
The young man in leather took another drag of his cigarette.
"… What more do you want from me, Suzuki?"
Kamaitachi despised this young man.
"I want results!" Suzuki yelled. "I want anyone who could know about our agreement to go
away! If you cannot do that, then what good are you?!"
Kamaitachi bowed his head, bludgeoned by the Host's angry words. Behind his cigarette he
cursed his weakness before him—and his wanting inability to assert himself.
To this point, he had been accommodating, generous even, to this spoiled rotten coward.
There was a long drag on the cigarette which burned a little hotter, as if taking in some of
Kamaitachi's frustration.
"Are you saying you'd like to go back to trying to gain your street cred on your own?"
Suzuki snarled and slammed his fist on the table—painted with a handsome man striding atop
a city skyline, bearing the flag with the crossed sickles of the Sickle Gang. In a circle around
the man were many similarly drawn men, raising their fists in solidarity with the flag.
Looking down at it, he sneered in disgust.
"I may as well, you're so worthless!" He spat on the center of the table. "Maybe playing
grabass in the dark is what you should stick to!"
Kamaitachi trembled, and smoke jetted from his nostrils. "Please… at the very least…"
Suzuki, pulling back, stopped when he heard the quiet plea.
"Please… tell me where I can find it…" Removing the cigarette from his lips, Kamaitachi
bowed his head low. "I have already done this much for you, so much for you. Taian is all but
yours, they still fear your name and it will be your word against a couple of High School girls
and delinquents not even fit to clean Yakuza toilets."
Kamaitachi hated bowing to this fool so much. But he could do nothing else, Suzuki was his
only hope.
His only hope for bringing back the Madame.
Suzuki snorted. "Why? What are you going to do if I don't?"
A twitch shot through Kamaitachi.
Suzuki gestured to him. "That isn't to say I don't appreciate it—even with some of my best
guys being under the weather right now, business has been booming. But your gang are a
bunch of worthless freaks who can't even beat up 'a couple of high school girls and
delinquents not even fit to clean Yakuza toilets.'"
He turned away. "I'm not telling you shit."
Taking two steps, he stopped when he heard hands tightening on weapons behind him.
Suzuki's smirk grew twisted. "Eh…? You guys do remember I can go blow for blow with
Sōban, right? Do you really want to add your blood to this joint's tacky decor?"
Seething, Kamaitachi got up. "… You…!"
A gentle, matronly voice called from the darkness.
"Kamaitachi… what are you doing?"
Kamaitachi dropped the sickle he drew, and gasped as his eyes grew wide. He, and the
equally stunned Sickle Gang members guarding his booth looked towards the darkness the
voice had drifted from.
Suzuki turned towards the voice as well, as footsteps sounded on the hard concrete floor. "…
Who…?"
When he looked back at Kamaitachi, he could see in the dim light tears forming in the leather
wearing man's eyes as he brought his trembling hands up towards his mouth like he was
about to break down.
"… It can't be…" Kamaitachi murmured, his voice filled with hope.
From the darkness a man appeared, adorned in a royal purple kimono with gold trim on the
sleeves. Over his shoulders he wore a white feather boa, and over his head and around his
neck like a hood there was a light blue silk shawl. On his hands he wore red lace fingerless
gloves, and over his face he wore a gold and black mask studded with jewels and bearing the
crossed sickles insignia of the Sickle Gang at its center.
Suzuki looked over as the two Gang members guarding Kamaitachi abruptly fell to one knee.
Springing over the table, Kamaitachi quickly fell to his knees before the man taking his right
hand into both of his own.
"Please… please let it truly be you…!" The young man sputtered, practically weeping.
Suzuki was confused. "Uhh… who is this weirdo?" He stopped to appraise his look. "…
Kinda diggin' his drip, tho."
"Dear Kamaitachi," the newcomer said in a soft playfully chiding tone, "Could there be
anyone in this world… nnnnn… this beautiful?"
Kamaitachi felt his tears roll down his face as he shook his head. "No, M-Madame
Kamenbell!"
Suzuki went rigid, as all the bravado and arrogance exploded from his body due to the sheer
force of the terror racing through him. "… Did… did you just say…?!"
Kamaitachi held aloft Madame Kamenbell's hand before resting his forehead against the back
of it.
He let out a wail of sorrow and relief. "Madaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame…!"
"Why do you weep, my trusted subordinate?" Madame Kamenbell asked.
"I have done all I could… I've done everything you asked of me… but it's been so hard, I…
I…!" Kamaitachi sobbed. "Please forgive me, all of the failures… they are mine alone!"
Madame Kamenbell chuckled. "Failure? For the first time, I saw my beloved men in the light
of day, fearless of the sun, and they fought splendidly."
"But…!" Kamaitachi sputtered.
He smiled down on Kamaitachi. "Fate moves and weaves in wondrous ways… for my heart
and soul had returned to this wretched world, even as you took such bold strides. Our reunion
was destiny, my Kamaitachi… I am certain of it."
Kamaitachi looked back up at Madame Kamenbell in awe. His eyes then widened, as
realization struck him. "… It is fate…"
He turned and pointed at Suzuki, who had been edging backwards towards the exit to the
lounge. "Madame! This man knows where the Fox Shrine is!"
It was Madame Kamenbell's turn to be taken aback, as he looked up from Kamaitachi to
Suzuki. "… Is this true, young man?"
Suzuki stopped moving as Madame Kamenbell slipped his hand from Kamaitachi's grasp and
stepped towards him, reaching out to him melodramatically from ten paces. "… Is what I
heard true… do you truly know of the Fox Shrine…?"
Swallowing hard and blinking away the sweat pouring down his face from his eyes, Suzuki
tried to shore up the swagger he had a minute ago. He had to get the air around him
sparkling, to get himself dazzling.
"So… you're Madame Kamenbell, right? The legendary leader of this gang? Heh… yeah… I
might know a thing or two about a shrine, but–"
Suzuki didn't see him move. One instant Madame Kamenbell was ten paces away, and in the
next his hand was clamped like a bear's jaws around his throat as he was pressed up against
the wall behind him off his feet.
He could still barely breathe, but with only the slightest squeeze, he felt his world go hazy.
"Geh… grgk?!"
"I trust you are truthful, my dear lovely young man," Madame Kamenbell said as he reached
up and caressed Suzuki's ashen face with the knife edge of his free hand, dragging the
sharpened nail of his pinky finger down his cheek. "There is such little beauty in this
wretched world… and it would be a waste to lose more…"
Suzuki gurgled, too terrified to form words even as Madame Kamenbell granted him the
ability to with a slightly slackened grip.
Madame Kamenbell slightly shook his head, and then abruptly swung his hand away from
Suzuki's face to deflect a projectile thrown at the side of his with a dramatic flair.
Kamaitachi jumped to his feet in alarm when he saw the projectile embedded in the ceiling—
a single spatula.
"My, my… what have we…?" Madame Kamenbell turned his head to look and trailed off
when he saw Ucchan standing at the exit to the lounge, hand gripping his holstered oversized
spatula.
"… The beautiful chef…"
Ucchan chuckled. "Imagine my luck, finding this place on my first try. That's better for me, I
don't wanna make an enemy of all the dude bars in Taian."
He looked at Suzuki and made a face. "You just couldn't keep in your pants, could you? Had
to make one last hail mary, huh?"
Suzuki, his eyes filled with fear, looked at Ucchan and he began to gurgle as he shook his
head. "… R-ru…"
Ucchan ignored him and turned his attention back to Madame Kamenbell. "Seeing as you're
the best dressed peacock here, you're the guy in charge—right?"
"I'm flattered you would describe me so beautifully," Madame Kamenbell replied.
Ucchan snorted. "That wasn't a compliment. Your fit is goofy there, sugar."
He drew the spatula from his back and pointed it at him. "When I'm done wiping you and
your gang out, I can offer you some tips to freshen your look. Maybe something with a little
more humility, huh?!"
Madame Kamenbell let out a theatrical sigh. "Humility is for dull, colorless birds who serve
no purpose but one…"
He vanished from where he stood.
Ucchan's eyes widened. "He disappe–"
Blinding pain whited out all of Ucchan's senses, as the pain of a deep cutting wound down his
back blanked everything else out. Madame Kamenbell had gotten behind him in an instant
and slashed across his back with the blade of an ornate black and gold scythe bearing a red
tassel on the scythe end and a pointed spear tip at the base.
Lowering the weapon, Madame Kamenbell finished his statement.
"… To be eaten."
Unable to even utter a word, Ucchan collapsed to the ground unconscious.
Suzuki, still frozen in terror, watched as Madame Kamenbell—now splattered with Ucchan's
blood, turned and looked down at the wounded chef's back. Bringing his free hand to his
mouth, he gasped in realization. "I see… another broken bird, trying to become beautiful."
Kamaitachi grew surprised at his master's words, then scowled at Ucchan. "What do we do
with him?"
"We will be taking him with us, and the other fetching young man as well," Madame
Kamenbell said, "If he has found us, then others will be along shortly. There is much to do,
and I would like to see it done with as little interference as possible."
Kamaitachi grimaced. "Damn it…"
Madame Kamenbell abruptly appeared before Kamaitachi and cupped his cheek. "My
Kamaitachi… fear not. This withdrawal is necessary, but we are now one step closer to a
beautiful world… and it is all thanks to you."
Heartened, Kamaitachi nodded, then went over to take Suzuki by his arm and haul him to his
feet. "Get up you piece of shit."
Suzuki yelped and tried to pull away. "No, I'm not–!"
A hard punch across his face stopped him, and Kamaitachi looked down at him with the same
sadistic sneer he had only a few minutes prior.
"You have no say in the matter, pretty boy. In fact, if you want this to go any better for you,
then you should collect your thoughts and tell us everything we want to know."
Chapter End Notes
I waited so long for this. The next chapter, dropping next week, will be massive. It will
also be the end of the line for a certain character...
Chapter 31: Lean on Me
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Ryūnosuke padded along quietly behind Nick, following the red-haired man like a rescued
animal who just got pulled from an abusive owner. Everything seemed to loom larger, and
she didn't know how the world was gonna function anymore. But the genuine hope she felt
for once kept her on her heels and excited about what lay ahead.
Nick didn't need to look back to see that the overwhelming magnanimity of his offer had
caused the girl to clam up. There'd probably been several people who gave her honeyed
words on how they'd help her out, only to leave her with that piece of trash who happened to
provide the sperm for her conception.
This time things were going to be very different.
"Now, I really ain't too nice of a guy, by a lot of standards people like to get on about." He
said, his voice rumbling with a gentle tone to keep her from fearing he might lash out at her.
"But that's mostly down to people meetin' me in the wrong times and places physically and
figuratively. Rest assured, though, I've got plenty o'kids of my own and—more importantly—
I got daughters I hand-raised with the missus, so I ain't another geek off the street tryin' to
play Pop."
"R-right…" Ryuunosuke replied.
"Most the time, I'd be more cautious so ya don't get spoiled from too much love and
affection," Nick went on, "But since you ain't gotten any of that in a long time, a little fine
handlin' ain't gonna hurt too much."
"Thanks," Ryuunosuke said, feeling more comfortable by the second.
"So, let's make a deal: You stick with me, and do as I say for the next couple days, and I'll
help get you lookin' like the girl you really are," he went on, "That means you stay where I'm
setting ya up at, you go to the doctor, and then we'll go shopping."
There was a gurgling sound as Ryuunsouke fought against the overwhelmed blush that
accompanied her head heating up in affection overload. "A-all right."
"Part of this benefits package means ya gotta give up on the peeps who jumped you, though,"
Nick firmly added..
With a pulse of anger, Ryūnosuke almost lashed out at him in response, but when he looked
back at her with a father's concern—like her health and well-being was the most important
thing in the world to him, she couldn't find it in her heart.
Her shoulders sank, as she did the hardest thing a martial artist could do and tempered her
pride. "Yeah, I ain't in the shape to go scrappin' right now. If I'm gonna take on that weasel, I
wanna be in good enough condition to win it."
Nick made it easier to admit that weakness, by giving her a consoling smile and resting his
hand on her head in a warm gesture.
"Attagirl," he said, while rubbing the top of her head. "Don't you worry, none. Once you're
good to go, I'll make sure you're good for round two."
Ryūnosuke couldn't help her smile. "I'm already looking forward to it, old timer. What
happens after Golden Week, though? I ain't going back to my old man…"
Nick nodded. "You ain't going back to him ever. By the end of the week proper, I'll have
permanent accommodations fer ya all lined up—probably have you move in with me and the
missus."
"No argument there, but he won't give up without a fight," Ryuunosuke noted, before she saw
Nick's eyes glow with feral violence. "Uh?"
"Don't you worry none 'bout him now, once Golden Week's over…" Nick clenched his right
hand into a fist. "So's he."
The glow vanished and the dark atmosphere went with it. "But that's then. Let's get to
steppin'…"
@@@@@
Word had spread fast among the students that the school's biggest tomboy had arrived that
morning in a girl's sailor uniform. By the end of classes in the afternoon there were large
crowds of students—boys and girls alike—gathered everywhere they could to catch a
glimpse of such a beautiful sight once thought never possible.
One of the people who found this development both interesting and suspicious was neither a
guy who admired Ryūnosuke nor a girl who lusted after her. It wasn't even a student at all,
but Tomobiki's nurse Sakura, who observed the hallways become practically a parade route
as Nick and Ryūnosuke left their classroom for the teacher's office.
Because why would it be possible? Fujinami Ryūnosuke in a girl's uniform, or a skirt, or
anything remotely feminine was something expressly forbidden by her obnoxious father—
and something that until now she fought against but ultimately submitted to.
What changed? Had the old man croaked? Was there some genie in a bottle that granted her
the femininity she always said she wanted?
That man is suspicious. She thought as the two walked past her office. Ryūnosuke's following
him around like a puppy expecting treats, when normally she hates men. He couldn't have
won her over so quickly with just that Sailor Fuku.
Sakura's experience had told her that most of the men in her life, apart from her fiancé, had
some manner of obscenity about them that made them vile. From her uncle's mooching to
Mendō's desperation for female recognition, to Moroboshi's absolute essence of being.
As such, she resolved to keep a close tab on this interaction between teacher and student, and
make sure nothing untoward happened.
The two went into the teachers' office and the spell was broken—prompting the other
gawking students to remember that the world did not revolve around Ryūnosuke and departed
for home—Sakura made her way over to the office door and stopped outside it.
Inside the office, which had no teachers present, Nick went over to his desk to gather his
things to take home. Thanks to Fujinami smashing his blackboard, he hadn't gotten any of his
classes done. "Well then, how'd you like the hotel?"
Outside the office, Sakura paused.
"It was great, teach," Ryūnosuke answered honestly, "I've always walked past fancy places
like that… never thought I'd actually be in one."
Nick hummed. "Not even when that Mendō kid was around?"
Ryūnosuke snorted. "Please, like I'd ever go to a hotel on that loser's yen."
"I don't know what that kid's problem is; he has way too much money to be unpopular with
girls," Nick noted.
Ryūnosuke responded. "It's because of Moroboshi, yannow? He always exposes Mendō's
pervy side all the time. But whatever, I don't feel like talking about those immature losers."
Sakura didn't like that; she also didn't like the loaded chuckle Nick answered Ryūnosuke
with. Behind her, Lum floated by—headed for the doors—then floated back and watched the
eavesdropping nurse.
"Anyway, like I said… there'll be no more hotelin' for you; you're movin' in with me, kiddo."
Ryūnosuke lit up. "What about your wife?"
Outside, Sakura recoiled from the door, blanching in horror. She was in such shock that she
didn't notice Ataru standing beside the doorway, also watching her.
"The missus is ecstatic at the thought of finally meeting you, and we've already made room—
not that we had to do much," Nick assured her.
Snapping out of her shock, Sakura pressed her ear to the door again, a blue flush spreading
down her forehead. Shinobu had come to watch the scene as well.
"Well, it's nice that I won't be intrudin'," Ryūnosuke said.
"Please, you're no homewrecker. That's my job."
"Mm! And you're only halfway bad at it," Ryūnosuke sassed back.
Nick barked out a very loud laugh. "HA!"
With fire in her eyes Sakura slammed open the door, startling the students observing the
scene. "WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!"
Nick and Ryūnosuke both turned and looked at Sakura.
Ryūnosuke tilted her head like a puppy hearing a strange sound.
Nick cupped his chin between his pointer and thumb as he took in the furious beauty before
him. "Damn."
Ryūnosuke turned her head and stared at him. "Hey, you're married."
Nick looked back at the young lady. "I know, but there's nothing wrong with appreciating
art."
"I beg your pardon!" Sakura said as she marched over. "You are a teacher, Sherman-sensei!
How dare you engage in such impropriety with a student?!"
With an innocence unbecoming of his appearance, Nick stared at Sakura in confusion.
"Impro… what?"
Her face flushed, with both anger and embarrassment, Sakura responded. "Speaking of such
things as hotels and moving a student into your home behind your wife's back! What kind of
animal are you?!"
Ryūnosuke raised her hands to chest level. "What? Whoa, hold on!"
Sakura turned to her. "Ryūnosuke, I understand that this man has bought you nice things—
but that does not mean you owe him anything, especially your body!"
And Ryūnosuke turned green at the very implication. "Ew, ew, no! NO! It's not like that at
all!"
Nick, staring at Sakura's backside, agreed. "Yeah, that mess you're spinnin' there's twisted,
sister."
Sakura turned to face him and he met her gaze. "Is that so? Then what of this hotel talk?!"
"She needed a place to live other than with her monster of a father," Nick replied.
"Yeah," Ryūnosuke chimed in, "I got a whole room to myself for Golden Week, it was great."
"Am I missin' somethin' here? Or are you one of those types who goes to them-there love
hotels, so you got confused?" Nick asked.
Sakura recoiled from him; her face flushed with more embarrassment than anger now. Ataru
was likewise swept up in a fury, as he suddenly shot into the room.
"Say it ain't so, Sakura-sensei!" He wailed. "I thought you were saving yourself for me!"
Nick pointed. "Oh wow, now that's inappropriate."
"I AM SAVING NOTHING FOR YOU!" Sakura punted Ataru out of the office.
A moment later, Ataru replied. "I'm not picky, I don't mind sloppy seconds if it's you,
Sakura."
Numerous crackles of electricity and Ataru's yells of pain followed.
Over the cacophony, Sakura turned back to Nick who offered a gesture of parler. "Relax, I'm
not doing anything inappropriate with Ryūnosuke. Her mother, Masako, and I are old friends.
Hell, kiddo here is practically a daughter I never got to raise, and I'm just making up for lost
time."
Sakura was taken aback less dramatically. "Masako is alive?"
Nick gave her a harder look. "Have you seriously been taking the word of the man who
forced her to be a boy against her will at face value?"
When he put it like that, Sakura felt a lot more embarrassed.
Unfortunately, the insinuation that he was mistreating Ryūnosuke in all the worst ways left
Nick feeling petty. "While we're on the subject, what in tarnation is this? Yer gonna jump on
the first guy who treats this girl with a modicum of dignity and respect, then turn right 'round
and look the other way with how her sperm donor treats her?"
Sakura felt the fight flow out of her fairly fast at that. "Ah… that's…"
Ryūnosuke decided she wasn't gonna let it slide, either. "Yeah, what the hell is with that,
lady? You've only ever gotten on his case like once and then what?"
It became clear to Nick, that Sakura was a woman who enjoyed a position of righteousness in
the school that often went unchallenged. Because she didn't seem to function well as she
found herself both on the backfoot and in the wrong.
"It's… ah…" Sakura's face began to glow red, but not from her usual hot anger, as her well
thought out and empirically sourced position of all men being scum wavered in her effort to
explain herself. "There's a precedent to… ehh…"
Nick held up his hand, stopping her. "I'm going to be taking Ryūnosuke to her new home this
evening. If her well-being concerns you, Nurse Sakura, you can accompany us, meet my
wife, my kids, and have a look around the house. I'm not even that far away from the school."
At the offer, Sakura looked… relieved. Like he had said something reasonable and was the
first person to ever say such a thing in years.
Taking a moment to compose herself, she bowed in contrition. "I apologize for any offense
my presumptions caused; for the sake of Ryūnosuke's well-being, I would appreciate taking a
tour of her new living situation."
With a hum, Nick allowed the apology the air it needed before he replied. "That's fine, I
rather appreciate getting more people behind this situation."
He turned back to his desk and finished packing his briefcase. "All right, let's get along, lil'
doggies."
As Nick got up and left the office, Ryūnosuke and now Sakura followed him, Shinobu turned
to Lum and whispered. "What do you think, Lum?"
Lum gave Shinobu a questioning look. "About?"
"Following them, I wanna see what kind of place Mr. Sherman is putting Ryūnosuke up at,"
Shinobu whispered back.
Lum's curiosity was piqued, but forces literally beyond her control made her decision for her
when she noticed Ataru already nonchalantly following Sakura and Ryūnosuke—as if he
happened to be just going in the same direction they were when he obviously wasn't.
"Darling…" Lum grumbled as she floated after him. Shrugging her shoulders, Shinobu got up
and followed.
As the two groups who happened to be going in the same direction left the school grounds,
the bushes outside of Class 3-4 rustled ominously, and the elder Fujinami peered out of them
and at Nick and Ryūnosuke.
"… That was your only chance, Fontaine…" He growled as power radiated from the bush.
"… You won't get another…"
@@@@@
For the first time in a long time, Ryūnosuke felt a sense of peace she'd never expected to feel.
She leaned back against the headrest of a strange machine filled with a warm fizzy liquid that
swirled around her body and gently scrubbed away the aches and injuries that had been
plaguing her all day inside and out.
Not just her recent injuries either; every ache and pain she'd racked up from fighting her
father, fighting Lum's alien friends, and surviving the dumb adventures Ataru's life had
inflicted on her.
Despite being completely immersed in the fully sealed tank, Ryūnosuke felt safe. Like
nothing in the outside world could reach her—not Ataru, not Mendō, and definitely not her
father.
I almost don't wanna leave, She thought, I wonder if I could just stay here… and not have to
worry about anything?
As if reading her mind, Nick called her through the chamber's intercom. "As nice as it is, it
won't feed you, and you'll need to go to the bathroom eventually."
Ryūnosuke cringed at the thought. "Way to make it weird, old timer."
"The doc says you're donezo anyway, get ready for the release process," Nick advised.
Ryūnosuke sighed. "Fine."
When she exited the chamber, wrapped in a towel, she found a blue paper bag waiting in the
place of the pants, shirt, and chest wrap she'd left behind. Opening it, she was surprised to
find a pair of black sweatpants, a t-shirt, a XXL size San Jose Sharks jersey, and a dark blue
sports bra waiting inside.
"Hey, old timer," she called over the privacy blinds separating her from Nick in the medical
machinery-lined room of the chamber. "Where are my clothes?"
"Covered in dirt and blood. I grabbed you some of my daughter's clothes—you and her are
the same size, so it'll do until we get you some proper clothes."
After a few moments of silence Ryūnosuke emerged wearing the sweats and the jersey,
before she handed the bag with the sports bra inside back to Nick.
He looked inside the bag. "What, doesn't fit?"
"Nah," Ryūnosuke replied, "If I'm gonna wear any kinda bra, it's gonna be my own. Thanks
for the thought, though."
"Mm, fair enough," Nick replied.
Drying her hair off and tossing the unused bra in the bag, she followed Nick to the doors of
the expensive looking, but clean and comfortable clinic in the middle of Taian.
"So… a daughter about the same size as me, huh? What's she like?"
Nick opened the door to the street as he answered. "Sharp-tongued, smart, but a bit spoiled."
He paused.
"Okay, a lotta spoiled but all around a good kid. I think you'll like her."
Ryūnosuke frowned. "I dunno, I've met spoiled people before…"
Nick waved his hand back and forth. "Hey now, don't go comparin' her to the likes of them
Mendō jackasses. She may be a bit of a brat, but she'll do good by you—she's gonna be
helpin' you shop after all."
Ryūnosuke didn't expect that. Shopping with another girl? And a girl who knew how to dress
like a girl. "Will she be able to find something nice for me to wear?"
"Oh yeah. After two violent tomboys and a shy introverted son, it's been nice to have an
outgoing fashionista kid with an appetite for expensive things."
Ryūnosuke raised an eyebrow. "How many kids do you have?"
"Close to a baker's dozen, give or take," Nick replied with a laugh.
The answer startled Ryūnosuke. "That many?! Why?!"
"Always wanted a big family," Nick replied, "Yannow, make up for what I didn't have when I
was your age."
Ryuunosuke folded her hands behind her head as she walked with Nick down the still busy
street despite the late hour. "What you didn't have as a kid, huh? What were you like back in
the Taisho Era?"
Nick let out a laugh. "I'm not even goin' gray yet, kiddo! Try harder with them old jokes."
Letting a giggle slip from her lips in turn, Ryūnosuke asked a more pressing question. "Say…
you know my Mom, and she's been lookin' for me. When do I get to talk to her?"
"Your Mom's in Portland, helping my oldest with a few things related to the family business,
but when she's done, she's coming straight here. If you wanna give her a call right now,
though, you can."
Ryūnosuke blanched. "J-just like that? I can call her right now… and talk to her and hear her
voice and everything?"
"Oh you sweet child, you shoulda been around when I was a youngin'; couldn't call anyone
anywhere fer anything!" He pulled out his phone, thumbed it a few times, and handed it to
her.
When she took it and looked at the screen, she found the contact info for Masako, with her
mother's picture as the background. Even though this was a more recent picture, she was still
as radiant and beautiful as the first picture she'd seen her in.
"She looks like me," Ryūnosuke mumbled, though her mother wore glasses, and her hair was
so much longer.
Staring at the phone, and the talk button, she swallowed nervously. She looked at Nick. "Will
she really pick up?"
"It's close to 0800 over there, and she's usually up way before then, so… yeah," he replied.
Ryūnosuke's heart wanted to seize in her chest and jackhammer out of it at the same time, as
the enormity of what the phone she held in her hand represented made its weight felt.
"My mother… my real mother…" She murmured. "… I can just… call her…"
Nick leaned over to look as tears began to form in her eyes, then he reached over and pressed
the call button. "Boop."
Nearly dropping the phone as she gave a squawk of indignation as the phone began to hum,
Ryūnosuke gave Nick a look of disbelief and opened her mouth to tell him off.
"Hello, Nicholas?"
She froze when she heard a voice come from the phone, then looked at it.
"Oh, my goodness, it's almost midnight over there, what could you possibly want this late?"
The river had been crossed. Ryūnosuke realized there was nothing that could be done, now,
except bring the phone to her ear. "… M-Mom?"
Complete silence was the response. Feeling a little awkward, Ryūnosuke gave Nick an
anxious look, before she continued.
"… It's me, Ryūnosuke, y-your daughter…"
This time, the only sound she received was the phone on the other end of the line clattering to
the floor.
@@@@@
"Are you sure this is all right?" Ryūnosuke said as she, Nick, and Sakura walked down the
street towards her new home.
Nick glanced at her. "What, the home-visit? It's fine."
"No, I mean the other tagalongs," Ryūnosuke glanced back past a grimacing Sakura at Ataru
—who was still nonchalantly following and pretending to be looking anywhere else but at
Sakura's backside through the white labcoat she wore as the school's nurse. Behind him Lum
followed, staring at the back of his head with simmering annoyance, while Shinobu brought
up the rear, being more prescient of their surroundings.
With a shrug of his shoulders, Nick brushed it off. "It's fine; the Missus ain't used to havin'
just the five of us at home outside the usual dozen and a half, so at least there'll be enough
dinner for everyone."
"Dozen and a half–" Ryūnosuke tilted her head. "Who else do you got in this family?!"
"Various boyfriends, girlfriends, that sorta thing," he replied before tapping his chest. "When
you're here you're family."
Sakura perked up at the implication of a free meal for her visit, and quietly placed it as a
point in Nick's favor.
Behind her, Ataru was similarly intrigued. The appeal of a free meal was impossible to say no
to for him as well—but as they neared the gate of a high wooden-fenced property that
occupied most of the block they'd been walking down, he couldn't help but feel like
something was missing.
A thought occurred to him, one so striking that it diverted his attention away from the school
nurse's exemplary posterior and scowl at the sky. "Like hell…"
Sakura didn't even want to know what Moroboshi was thinking about as they turned and
walked through the wide-open gate. Inside the property was a moderately sized Japanese
style home.
It was L-shaped, with a wooden veranda surrounding it and a koi pond tucked nicely into the
corner the building's shaped made. Next to the building, occupying the rest of the wide lot,
were two much more modern and clearly newly installed semi-cylindrical Quonset huts
arranged end to end and both sporting doors with electronic keypads and cameras watching
their corners.
Ryūnosuke stared at it with Sakura. "The heck is that?"
"The farm," Nick replied. "It's what my wife does to pass the time while we're here."
Ryūnosuke brightened at that. "Oh yeah, what does she grow?"
"Plants," Nick quickly answered.
Ryūnosuke lifted an eyebrow. "Yeah, but what kind of plants?"
Nick thought about that. "Hmm… green ones?"
Sakura looked over at him. "That doesn't narrow it down, much."
Nick shrugged his shoulders. "I'm a teacher, Miss Sakura, not a farmer. I don't know every
single plant my wife grows."
Side-eyeing the huts, and their security, Sakura wondered if those green ones were something
that could certainly only be grown in a place like the SAD.
The glass doors at the front of the house, leading to its sitting room, opened and out onto the
porch stepped a young woman close to Ryūnosuke's age. From the first glance, it was
obvious that she was related to Nick, having his piercing green eyes and fiery red hair that
reached to her shoulders but was also pulled into two bunches on the sides of her head above
her ears. Her skin was some shades lighter, though.
She wore a purple top with matching shorts, and lilac-colored boots that stopped midway up
her thigh. On her head she wore a pair of lilac-colored headphones with cat-ear shaped
extensions with miniature speakers in their centers. In her left hand she casually gripped a
handheld gaming console as she leaned on the open doorway.
"Hey Dad, hey sis…" The girl said, before noticing Sakura, Shinobu, and the ever-
unmistakable Lum Invader.
"Oh… shoot."
Ataru materialized beside her, fading to existence like a device used for movement through
time and relative dimensions in space.
When she turned him, she leaned back a bit from him as he leaned closer while asking, "And
who are you?"
Nick, his face bearing no expression but conveying a threatening darkness, answered. "My
daughter."
And then Ataru was ten paces away from—and bowing politely to—the young woman. "It is
an honor to meet you."
The girl shrugged her shoulders. "Likewise. You're that Ataru guy, right?"
Ataru wanted to move closer, but he felt Nick's piercing gaze on him and remained where he
stood. "The hero of mankind, Moroboshi Ataru, at your service, my lady."
The girl looked down at herself. "Dang, I am underdressed for meeting celebrities."
Nick introduced the others. "This is my daughter, Nicole."
Nicole threw out a v-sign. "You can call me Nick Jr. Not really. If you call me that, I'll bite
your face."
Ataru opened his mouth, and Nick clamped a hand on his shoulder while Ryūnosuke clamped
her own on the back of his neck.
With the message received, Ataru closed his mouth.
Shinobu, with a sigh, turned to address Lum's lack of reaction to Ataru hitting on a new girl
—but Lum was not where she'd been hovering moments before. She was halfway over to the
prefabricated huts, sniffing the air as she drifted towards the nearest one. "Lum…are you all
right?"
Lum, sniffing the air, stopped and turned towards the voice. "Ah, Shinobu-cha… there's just
something that smells funny coming from… there…"
She trailed off as she stared at Ataru, her gaze becoming glassy while her words drawled a bit
at the end.
"You've been to a farm before," Shinobu said.
"Ah? Yes but…" Stopping, Lum shook her head and headed for the door. "Nevermind, let's
go inside."
Nick gestured for everyone to follow and stepped onto the veranda. "Where's your mother?"
"We were just finishing up with yoga," Nicole said as she followed Nick and Ryūnosuke
inside ahead of Sakura. "Mom took the twins upstairs, and I was gonna unwind with some
Final Fantasy when you guys showed up."
"Cool," Nick said before he turned to Sakura. "Well, welcome to our humble abode, as you
can see, we kinda stuck with the western aesthetic for the furniture but don't let that
intimidate ya—take a seat, make yourselves at home."
As Nick said, the living room, covered wall to wall with white carpet, was furnished with two
couches and a pair of sofa-like rocking chairs all pointed at a large flat screen television with
a handful of gaming devices and a laptop set up at the base of the wall underneath it. Directly
connected to the living room was the dining room, bordered at the kitchen by a set of cabinets
that marked the line between the carpeting and kitchen tile floor.
Ryūnosuke walked over to the couch and sat on it, Nicole plopping down next to her. "So,
what in the hay's goin' on?"
"Home visit, nurse Sakura thought Nick was my sugar daddy," Ryūnosuke replied.
"Ew, gross…" She then looked at her fellow classmates. "What about these guys?"
"They're nosy," Ryūnosuke replied.
Shinobu grew flustered. "W-well you didn't ask for us to not come along!"
Feeling very self-conscious, she found herself reluctant to just take a seat.
"I didn't say you couldn't, I'm just callin' it what it is," Ryūnosuke sassed back.
Ataru plopped down onto the couch across from Ryūnosuke and Nicole. "So, Nicole-chan,
why haven't I seen you around school, hm~?"
"I'm home-schooled," Nicole replied.
Ataru leaned forward some, as Lum floated over and settled onto the couch right beside him,
her nose tilted up as she continued sniffing the air. "Really? That's a shame… you'd be
popular there."
"And that's why I'm home-schooled," Nicole said with a flat look. She looked in her father's
direction and called out. "Because my parents fear my power and what I'd do with it!"
"Yer darn right," Nick called back.
Ataru folded his arms and nodded. "He is right to, even now you radiate a force that I can feel
myself being drawn inexplicably towards and falling under."
"Knock it off or you can find yer own dang food," Nick added.
As Ataru remembered he was still deep in enemy territory, Nicole gave him a vicious smirk.
"You heard the man; don't you got yer own tree to bark up, anyway?"
Ataru looked towards Lum. "It's not safe to be under trees during a lightning storm…"'
Right at that moment he felt a zap and let out a yelp. "Ah!"
Ryūnosuke and Shinobu both gave Ataru withering, admonishing looks… but Ataru seemed
more surprised than in pain. In fact, he was gawking at Lum like something very different
from the usual zap had happened.
When they looked at Lum, they too were confused. She was staring at Ataru with a more
lovestruck expression than she normally gave when she was pleased to see him. Her eyes
were half closed, and her lips parted like drool was about to leak from the corner of her
mouth.
"She okay?" Nicole asked.
"Lum…?" Shinobu asked with concern as she took in the full red hue on the oni princess'
face.
Lum mumbled something that the human ears in the room could only comprehend as
windings font spoke aloud very fast, as she took Ataru's arm and hugged it while she leaned
against him. Sharp pops of electricity followed, Ataru letting out yelps each time, before he
physically dragged himself away from Lum and dove behind one of the cushioned chairs.
"At-cha-cha-cha…!" He said quickly as he stood up and clutched at his arm like it was numb.
He sharply turned his head to look away from Lum. "See what I mean when I say that!
Getting zapped is not fun, very painful!"
As Lum stared in confusion at Ataru's sudden withdrawal, her pretty blue-green eyes widened
and the flush on her face disappeared into an ashen white. "I'm going out for fresh air!"
Without another word, much faster than when she entered, Lum flew to the door, out it, and
straight up into the sky.
"That was weird," Ryūnosuke said.
Nicole, staring at Lum, let out a childish snicker. "She seems fine to me."
Ryūnosuke watched her go and shrugged her shoulders. "Well, whatever. More food for us."
In the kitchen, Nick noticed Lum leave, but paid no mind as he focused on Sakura's
inspection. She was standing before a rather large pair of refrigerators that dominated the
kitchen's right-hand wall.
"You have more than plenty of food, I see," Sakura said as she examined the foodstuffs,
"Nothing is expired or wasted… there is a great deal of meat, though."
"We're a big family who need a lot of calories to get by," Nick replied.
"I am sure," Sakura closed the fridge, then turned to face him. "Just from seeing this place,
there is no doubt the improvement to Ryūnosuke's quality of life. However, still call me
skeptical of your intentions, Sherman."
"Normally I'd say that's fair, but you're literally worried I'm going to do what?" Nick held out
an upraised hand perpendicular to his body. "Help her have a healthy home life with people
who care about her?"
Sakura, mindful of the teens in the living room, spoke in a lowered voice. "There's
something… unsettling that clings to you. Like what I see isn't the whole shape of you."
Nick's eyebrows rose. "Pardon my troubled past, and whatever trips up them highfalutin'
spiritual senses of yours, Ms. Sakura. Not every good father started as a good man—or even
is a good man, for that matter."
"You know of that," Sakura murmured in surprise.
"I know a lot of things; I am a teacher after all. I also know you're here with good intentions,
and that you're reasonable enough to not attack a man in his own house." Nick gestured to
her. "I also reckon you've spent far too long amongst people who've given you a very black
and white view of the world, and those powers of yours aren't attuned to the compromises
and circumstances that lead people to where they are."
He gestured to himself. "I've seen the exact sorta business where the lack of a good parent
starts up. You only need to look out into that living room to see two living examples… and a
third that just floated out the door. It's that reminder that my kids or any kids I claim as mine
get the parent they need—before it reaches the concern of is one deserved."
Sakura mulled on that, ignoring the undercurrent, then gave him a respectful nod. "I
understand… if more men were like you, this world could truly be the shades of gray we try
to portray it as."
"If only," Nick concurred, before he smiled. "Also, try not to be alarmed when you meet my
wife, 'kay?"
Sakura grew curious. "Why so?"
"We're cut from the same cloth, her and me, and them there senses of yours may cause you
some distress."
At that moment, footsteps down the carpeted stairs leading to the house's second floor alerted
Nick, and he headed back towards the sitting room. In the living room, Nicole looked up and
waved at the woman who came to the bottom of the steps.
From the first glance she was obviously American, meeting the stereotypes most Japanese
associated with them in anime—she was very pretty, with shiny, straight blonde hair that
reached down to her back, and wide blue eyes filled with matronly kindness when her gaze
fell upon her guests. She wore a green maternity dress over a blue striped long-sleeve shirt,
showing off her stomach rounded by pregnancy.
Making her way over, she bowed in greeting. "Welcome to my home, I'm Nicole's mother,
Helena Sherman."
Shinobu was on her feet right away, bowing her head in turn. "Thank you for your hospitality,
Helena-san."
"Oh, think nothing of it, I've wanted to meet Ryūnosuke's friends—and Ataru."
Ataru stepped up. "Madame, you wound me with your surgical exception, but mark my
words I have been Ryūnosuke's closest ally and supporter of her expressing her femininity
since we first met."
He looked her over. "Also, I expected the apple that is your daughter to not have fallen far
from the tree, but here she lies right at your feet."
Helena placed a hand on her cheek, smiling at his flattery. "My, you're a charmer."
Ataru placed a hand on his chest. "This one only speaks the truth. Fair Miss Helena, I humbly
request permission to court her."
Still smiling, Helena replied. "No."
Shinobu grabbed Ataru by the ear. "Are you serious?!"
Ryūnosuke grabbed him by his collar. "Yeah, what is wrong with you?!"
"The only time you're guaranteed to miss is if you don't take a shot," Ataru explained himself
without shame.
Nicole snapped her fingers and pointed at him. "I like that, not a bad way to live."
Helena brought her fingertips over her mouth to suppress her giggle. "But it's a very good
way to die."
She looked at Shinobu and Ryūnosuke. "Please, don't go grabbing others in this house like
that, we don't do that without consent."
At that, both Ryūnosuke and Shinobu let him go as Nick and Sakura returned to the sitting
room.
Helena placed a much gentler hand on Ataru's shoulder and gave him some very good life
advice. "Take every shot you think you can but remember that the consequences fall on you if
you miss."
Ataru was not prepared for how cold her hand was on his shoulder, or how he suddenly felt
like he was ten years younger, and his very angry mother was bearing down on him for
something he knew he did.
"And if you keep on acting like a horndog around my children, I may have to fix your
attitude, sweetie," she warned.
Something deep down in the male genetic memory triggered in Ataru, and with a quick nod,
he acquiesced. "Oh, uh… 'kay."
Helena drew back, and Ataru retreated to sit back down on the couch. Clapping her hands
together she turned to Nick. "I want breakfast for dinner, how about you?"
Nick smiled at his wife. "Breakfast for dinner sounds amazing."
With that, Helena all but skipped past him. "Steak and Eggs, sausage, blueberry waffles~!
Pancakes, bacon, home fried potatoes~!"
Ataru, seated on the couch, shook his head as he snapped out of the fearful episode Helena's
touch had put him through. "Hmm… was that the color of the Conqueror?"
Shinobu shrugged her shoulders. "I think that was her just being a Mom."
Nicole confirmed it. "Yep. Mom's the scariest person in the house."
Nick chimed in jokingly. "She has to be, given all you animals she's brought into the world."
Sakura, intrigued by the ease with which Ataru was cowed, looked back at the woman now
going from cabinet to cabinet in her kitchen, grabbing cooking implements. Recalling her
interactions with Ataru's parents, her brow furrowed, and she let out a hum.
"You okay, there?" Nick asked.
Sakura murmured back. "I'm thinking about how my world needs to be grayer."
"So, you're homeschooled?" Shinobu asked Nicole. "What do you do when you're not
studying?"
Nicole sighed. "Mostly work on the hydro farm or playing video games. I'm not exactly
allowed to go much anywhere without Mom or Dad along."
"Mostly to prevent problems," Nick said.
Sakura looked at him. "Problems?"
Nick nodded towards Ataru. "Problems."
Sakura understood and felt even more assured of this household for Ryūnosuke.
Nicole grumbled, before she took Ryūnosuke's arm. "But now that you're living with us, I can
now go around town with someone who isn't my parents or my cousin!"
Ryūnosuke flushed, as Nicole looked at her with such expectant eyes. "Y-yeah, I'd look out
fer ya, you're basically like my little sister now, right?"
"I mean, given everything, you are my big sister. We're only just getting to know each other
now."
Ryūnosuke's face turned almost as red as Nicole's hair as being not just a girl, not just a
daughter, but a sister—and a big one at that—hit her straight in the heart.
Shinobu thought it was the most precious thing in the world.
Sakura was genuinely amazed by how happy Ryūnosuke looked as she bashfully accepted the
role of big sister from Nicole.
Ataru, his head formerly cleared of his lustful thoughts, thought Nicole cuddling up to
Ryūnosuke was pretty cute. It was then that a thought occurred to the young man—one that
reached back to the earlier afternoon when Nick was confronting Ryūnosuke's former
tormentor that wasn't him.
"… This and that…" Ataru whispered.
The pleasant moment abruptly screeched to a halt, when a familiar voice bellowed from
outside.
"FONTAAAAAAAAAAAAAINE! GET YOUR BITCH ASS OUT HERE!"
As one, Sakura, Shinobu, and Ataru all spoke. "Ah, forgot about him."
Ryūnosuke palmed her face. "Oh no… he knows where I live…"
Nick was unbothered. "It actually makes this easier for me."
He called the kitchen. "My star~"
Helena made her way over into his line of sight. "Yes, my night?"
"If you're not too busy, could you come out with us, the sire is here."
Helena's eyes narrowed, and her pleasant features lost their warmth. "I see. I'll be right
out."
@@@@@
"You know, old timer," Ryūnosuke said as she stood in a dressing room closet at a clothing
store, "Last summer, when I started attendin' school here? I got a Sailor Fuku from
Moroboshi, Mendō, and a few of the other dumbass boys."
Outside of the dressing room, Nick stood beside Nicole, who was wearing a cute floral print
sundress she hadn't gotten permission to buy but was happy to take selfies in anyway.
"Is that so?" He asked through the door.
"Yeah, but rather than just accept it… I decided that I wasn't worthy of wearin' it unless I beat
my old man, first," Ryūnosuke replied.
Nick hummed. "And what happened?"
"The old man got it from me and burned it."
She sighed. "I hadn't been able to get ahold of another since…"
Nicole stopped her Instagramming to look back and forth between her father and the closed
closet door as her father asked. "What did you learn from that, kiddo?"
"Something I ignored… and kept ignoring until around now," Ryūnosuke replied, "That if I'm
gonna be a chick, I need to let go of that macho crap."
"Close…" Nicole said, before looking at her father.
Nick nodded affirmatively. "Nothing so extreme there, hon. Ain't nothing wrong with having
a bit of pride, yer human after all. Ain't nothin' macho or girly about it, it's the human
condition."
Ryūnosuke called back through it. "I guess not, but what I had wasn't pride. It was straight up
stupidity… I got beat up a few days ago, and even with some people offerin' to help, I was so
hurt and embarrassed from that L, I just ignored them and threw myself at the first chance to
get the get back, yannow?"
"Yeah, I was there when I found you," Nick replied cheekily.
Speaking in a more somber tone, Ryūnosuke continued. "When you found me there by the
river… all I could think about was how I could try to get back at that weasel… or my father,
or Moroboshi… all the people who don't really care about what I wanted or who I was. And I
started realizin' that no matter how much I fought, I would never get to where I wanted to be.
I'd been pummeling my Dad for years, and thwacking Moroboshi non-stop… but nothing
ever changed."
She opened the door and stepped out dressed in the Sailor Uniform she'd always wanted to
wear, but never got the chance.
"Then you showed up… and when you offered to help, something I had turned down before
out of that dumb macho crap my Dad drilled into my head. But for the first time, it didn't feel
like someone tryin' to get me to do what they wanted, so I just said eff it… and accepted."
She looked down at herself, then at her reflection in the dressing room door's mirror. "I wish
I'd said yes to those two Furinkan girls… I wish I'd just taken the sailor fuku when
Moroboshi and those other numbnuts gave it to me. I wish… that I had the nerve to stand up
to the crap my sperm donor not only made me put up with—but put in my head, too."
Turning to Nick and Nicole, she bowed to them. "… But looking at it from where I am now, I
figure that I couldn't have done it alone. Not once, not ever. So, thanks… thanks so much for
doin' this for me… for lettin' me be a girl."
Nick reached out and rested a hand atop Ryūnosuke's head. When she looked up at him, he
gently ruffled up her hair.
"Sometimes a little help is all anyone needs to get to where they need to go, kiddo. And the
role of a parent is to give their kids that push," he said. "I was far too late in bein' there for
you, and I failed ya in not bein' able to find you until now… but from here on in? You need
yer old man? He's right here for you to lean on."
Ryūnosuke smiled up at Nick, and rather than try to keep the tears that formed in her eyes
down like 'a real man' would… she let them flow and make her smile even brighter.
@@@@@
Stepping onto the veranda and then onto the path that led to it, Nick walked out into the front
yard of his home and over towards the gate. There, wreathed in shimmering air, his body
seized with power, was the elder Fujinami—his gaze locked on Nick's every movement.
Behind Nick, Ataru, Shinobu, Ryūnosuke, Nicole, and Sakura emerged onto the veranda to
watch the confrontation. Across the front yard from the house, Lum was perched on the
overhang above the veranda, watching the confrontation carefully.
"Did you seriously expect me to not follow you to the ends of the Earth, Fontaine?"
Fujinami-san asked.
Nick shook his head. "No, I knew this was a comin'. I just didn't want it t'be in the middle of
class, is all."
He bared his teeth slightly in a tight grin that was none too friendly. "… Yep… them kids
didn't need to see what's about to happen."
Fujinami-san agreed. "For the first time in a long time, we agree on something."
He looked over at Ryūnosuke, leaning against the one of the veranda's supports with a
dispassionate expression, before returning his attention to Nick. "Do you remember when you
believed? When you understood?"
Nick nodded ."When I was ignorant and misinformed? Sure do. It wasn't the first time, either,
but everyone makes mistakes, some more than others."
"And some bigger than others," Fujinami retorted.
Nick's eyes narrowed, his expression darkening. "No bigger mistake in my life than trustin'
you on anything."
The front door of the home slid open again, and out stepped Helena. In her arms she held a
small child of about six years old, a boy with bright blonde hair like hers and green eyes like
his father's. Trailing beside her was a girl with her father's red hair, and her mother's blue
eyes.
Shinobu looked at the two children and cooed at how cute they were.
"Hector, Imogen," Helena said to the children gently, "Your father's about to destroy a man."
Both children, sleepy as they were, perked right up when they saw their father facing off
against a strange looking man. Shinobu cast Helena a weird look at that.
Sakura looked at Helena. "Is it a good idea for them to see… this?"
Helena nodded. "It is important they have no illusions about their father. His good side and
bad should be on full display."
She glared at Fujinami-san. "But most importantly, they need to see what he does when
someone threatens family."
"I see…" Sakura watched pointedly as well, ready to see the resolve of a father.
The women and children watching the confrontation did not escape Fujinami-san's notice,
and he looked over towards Helena, the small children, and Nicole. Immediately recognizing
that wild hair, his usually stoic scowl deepened into a glower.
"Oi, Fontaine… that woman, those kids… are they… yours?"
Nick's smile returned, slight and far from his eyes, but there in the form of a smirk. "As a
matter of fact. The lovely lady is the one who tied me down and branded me with her name—
my wife of twenty-two years, Helena. And the kiddos are my fourth, Nicole, seventh Imogen,
and eighth Hector."
Sakura, Shinobu, and Ryūnosuke all looked at Helena, a tad baffled. "… Twenty-two years?!"
The woman barely looked twenty-two-years-old, let alone married for that long!
Understanding their looks, Helena rested a hand on her cheek. "What can I say? I'm a very
happy wife~"
Ataru, on the other hand, noted a discrepancy. "… Oi…"
And Fujinami-san directly called it out. "I'm sorry… Fontaine… do you mean to say that
you… you… seduced my wife while you were already married?"
A pin drop could be heard, as even Lum stopped thousand-yard-staring at Ataru to look at
Nick when she heard that.
Ryūnosuke, shocked, broke the brief lull. "H-hold on… what do you mean you seduced her
while you were married?!"
Sakura was startled. "… Is… is that true?"
Ataru folded his arms and nodded. "Hmm… I see… so that's what kind of man you really
are…"
Nick shrugged his shoulders. "It's the first true thing he's probably ever said to any of you,"
he admitted, "I did indeed seduce your wife, and we even fell in love with each other. Still
are."
Fujinami managed to grin rather smugly. "And you would say that… in front of your wife?"
Helena smirked. Sakura did not know what to make of that smirk, but she certainly felt what
Nick had warned her about in that instant.
Nick beamed. "Of course, she's the one who told me to do it!"
Sakura, Shinobu, and Ryūnosuke all pitched over as one, falling flat on their faces—while
Ataru's lower jaw disengaged from his skull and dropped towards the ground.
"Eh?"
Nicole, meanwhile, buried her face in her palm and sighed. "Oh, here we go…"
Fujinami-san was taken entirely off his game in that instant, recoiling from Nick in likewise
jaw-dropping disbelief.
"WHAT?!"
"Y'see," Nick went on, "Unlike most salarymen who work far from home so mangaka don't
have to draw Dads without puttin' 'em in the dirt—I make a concerted effort to keep in
contact with me and mine. Keeps the bonds strong and the hearts fond. And when I told my
bright burnin' star of one Fujinami Masako, she said to me…"
Nick offered his hand up and presented Helena, who continued. "'Nicholas Fontaine
Sherman, you take that woman, make her yours, and bring her to me, so she can be ours.'"
Bringing his hand back, he rested it on his chest. "I like to say I'm a good and obedient
husband, so rather than disobey and disappoint, I loved her the way you never bothered to."
Nicole, who was now aiming her smart phone at the scene, kept her face in her palm.
"They're so embarrassin'… "
Sakura was spellbound at Helena. "… You… you really just let your husband… and it was
fine?"
Helena nodded. "Of course; I love my husband very much. He's the father of all my children
and one of the most important people in my life along with them. If there was anyone who I
needed to share the happiness he brought me with, it was Masako."
She smiled to Ryūnosuke. "Your mother is such a kind and sweet woman. Just like you're a
darling young lady."
Turning her head, she glared death at Fujinami-san. "Neither of you should be subjected to
the whims of a delusional manchild who treats the women in his life as playthings for
his immature amusement."
Bringing her thumb to just below her eye. She tugged down her lower eyelid and stuck her
tongue out at him. "SO THAT'S WHY WE LOVED HER!"
"That's right~!" Nick said. "Did you know your ex-wife is partial to women as well as men?"
"Sure is~!" Helena sang. "She kept Nick and I REAL warm at night!"
Nick pointed at him. "Bro you coulda HAD that, you worked on a beach surrounded by ladies
in bikinis, and she was INTO IT!"
Helena swooned. "But no, you were too busy being a little punk to care what she wanted,
huh?!"
Shinobu was in a complete daze. "I… I am not hearing this… she… they…?"
That people like these existed in the world struck her dumb.
Ataru was green with envy, no more needed to be said.
Lum sat cross-legged on the roof, her head tilted to one side as she replayed what she heard
over and over in her head.
Sakura just stared at the two older adults, jeering and mocking Ryūnosuke's father… no…
sperm donor like a couple of teenagers. She understood completely what Nick meant now,
that they were cut from the same cloth—the darkness that radiated from Nicholas, Helena's
was such that it cast a shadow upon his.
But both were bright as the noon day sun compared to what she could see emanating from the
very man they were mocking.
Ryūnosuke, who had been made to learn so many things in the last few days… watched as
the two people who barged into her life to save her from it, mocked and belittled the man
who tormented her for most of it. All she could do was smile bigger and bigger, as she
watched her sperm donor get angrier and angrier.
Then she broke into a loud, caustic laughter at his ineffectual rage.
"Doesn't feel good, does it?" She asked viciously. "Gettin' laughed at because YOU'RE SO
PATHETIC!"
"That's the spirit, sweetie~!" Helena cheered.
"Fontaine." Fujinami said abruptly, and Nick stopped laughing.
"Myes?" Nick asked.
Fujinami assumed a front stance. "I am going to defeat you, then I am going to take back
everything you've taken from me. My son, my wife, my happiness. Then, I am going to take
more. Your wife, your family, everything you've ever achieved. It will. Be mine."
Nick smirked but didn't assume a stance of his own. "And there it is~"
Fujinami-san, the ground shattering beneath his feet, fell upon Nick with a mighty haymaker.
His fist surged like a raging demon, aiming to smash into and through his jaw, but Nick had
stepped out of the way before he even swung it, and was already behind him.
"Hey Nicki, remember when I said I was gonna show you that move your older sister picked
up in Shanghai?"
Nicole brightened. "You're gonna try it?"
"Yeah, pay attention!" Nick replied before he once again sidestepped to the right, avoiding
Fujinami's high kick. "Whoo doggie, I can feel the heat off that one!"
"FONTAINE!" Fujinami yelled, coming at him with another barrage of punches.
"It's Fontaine Sherman!" Nick replied as he bobbed and weaved around each punch with such
a wide margin that a truck could be driven safely through it.
"When I married my wife, I took her name. She insisted on it, and I obliged, but can you
blame me? Look at her."
Fujinami roared and redoubled his effort, but Nick circled around him, escaping his punches
and staying out the reach of his kicks. "If you were ever looking for Masako, you should've
looked for her name, too."
He leaned back, his body curling back below a left cross. "Masako Fontaine Sherman. Of
course, not officially. Marriage laws are a shame like that, but she even puts it on her
business cards."
Nick dipped again to his right, as Fujinami tried to punch down, and hit only the dirt of their
front yard.
As Fujinami ripped his fist from the small crater he made, Nick looked back at Ryūnosuke.
"By the way, that Fujinami nonsense is done. You're Ryūnosuke Fontaine Sherman, now and
forever."
Ryūnosuke felt the tears fill her eyes as she grinned and pumped a fist. "Sure thing, Pop!"
"That's my daughter!" Nick chimed back before side-hopping from another punch. "Whoah!"
"THAT'S MY SON!" Fujinami roared.
"My goodness, you are a lame," Nick said of his skills as a fighter. "I shouldn't be surprised
that you're this pathetic. You've spent the last sixteen years beating up on a little girl—
thinking you're hot to trot the whole time."
"WHAT GIRL?! YOU KEEP CALLING MY SON, MY CHILD, SOMETHING HE WILL
NEVER BE! SOMETHING I WILL NEVER LET HER BECOME!"
The circle kept moving, Nick leading and Fujinami-san following—their footprints in the
dust becoming a spiral curling tighter and tighter.
"Did I just catch that?" Nick dipped under yet another punch.
"HE IS MY FIRST BORN! I NAMED HIM! I RAISED HIM!"
Fujinami yelled, with every desperate brawler's punch and kick.
"HE CAN ONLY BE MY SON! HE IS MY HEIR! HAMACHIYA CANNOT GO ON
WITHOUT A MAN!"
"It was never about her," Nick said flatly, coldly, as Fujinami's fury turned hotter and wilder.
"All you ever cared about was that stupid tea shop."
Fujinami kicked; Nick slid to the right. "Not Masako."
Fujinami punched; Nick stepped to the right. "Not Ryūnosuke."
Fujinami lunged with his whole body, and Nick just turned right and walked away. "Just you,
and the only thing you cared about."
Reaching the center of the spiral, Nick turned to face Fujinami, a building breeze catching his
long hair and blowing it to his side.
The same breeze hit Helena, Sakura, and the children on the veranda at the corner of the
house. As Sakura noticed the building, and the two men facing off in front of the house… her
eyes widened.
"… What is he…?" She asked before she looked beyond what others could see and recoiled.
"… Ah."
Nicole, smartphone in hand, stepped up to the edge of the veranda, a big grin on her face as
she kept her camera locked on the scene.
"Everything I've taken from you, and made mine?" Nick raised his right hand and gestured
for Fujinami to come at him.
"You never deserved it in the first place."
With every ounce of his rage, Fujinami just let out a hysterical scream, and leaped at Nick,
arms outstretched to grab his neck and wring it until it snapped. Turning in place one final
time, Nick went low and then came up and launched his first attack since his opponent started
swinging—a precisely aimed uppercut that slammed into his chin and lifted him off his feet.
The breeze that was building abruptly exploded into a gale, as a full-blown whirlwind shot up
from around Nick, carrying Fujinami spiraling high into the air above the Sherman residence.
Spinning at high speed at first, his body began tumbling end over end as the powerful
currents of air bounced him back and forth like thousands of full-bodied blows.
Lum had to hunker down onto the roof, crouched down and curled up to keep from being
blown away. The wind whipped at the witnesses on the porch, Nicole screaming a cheer as
she fought to keep from losing her phone. "FREAKING AWESOME, DAD!"
Ryūnosuke, buffeted by the wind, watched as her sire flailed around high in the air—hanging
there like a balloon in the breeze—before gravity overcame the fading whirlwind and he
plummeted back down.
Below him, Nick looked at his right arm and grumbled. "Yeah, that wasn't even a quarter as
strong as what Soap taught. Sheesh… what did I get wrong?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Ah well, I got the tornado part right, and that's the hard part."
Reaching up with that right hand, he caught Fujanmi's falling body on his upraised palm. The
nearly ripped apart man letting out a painful squawk as he was further broken by the impact.
Ryūnosuke and Ataru both winced and looked away, while Shinobu looked faint.
Helena brought her hands to her heart and sighed. "Oh, if I weren't already along, we'd be
making another baby tonight~"
Sakura wanted that happiness. Not exactly this… but definitely to be able to look at her
fiancé the same way Helena looked at her husband.
I should give Tsubame a call. She thought.
Nick looked up at the softly gurgling man all but impaled upon his hand, and then let out a
sigh. "You done?"
"… I…won't… let… you. I will… die… before… I let… her go…" He groaned. "…
Hamachiya… must…"
Shaking his head, Nick replied. "Dyin' is off the table, Fuji. I won't let you."
He heaved Fujinami to the ground, into a heap. "You deserve so much worse, and I look
forward to you thanking me for it."
He turned to Helena. "Helena, my star, call The Miz to clean up this hot mess."
The little girl who'd been following Helena like a duckling then shot off like a pistol round,
dashing over to her father and springing up for him to catch. "DADDY!"
Nick caught her. "Heya Imo~"
He nuzzled her. "You see that? Wasn't it cool?"
"YOU MADE HIM FLY!" Imogen said, holding her arms up high.
The boy, Hector, squirmed from Helena's arms and rushed over as well, hopping up and down
to be picked up as well—which Nick did not hesitate to do.
"Hey now, what'd you think of your old man there, son?" He asked him.
Hector put on a bit of a look, a precociously snobby one. "Mmm… Fatima's was better."
Nick pouted at him. "… Yeah, it was. She's just cooler than me."
Hector hugged him. "It's okay, you can be better next time."
Hauling both his kids over without a care in the world, he stepped up to his newest child, and
smiled down at her. "What about you, kiddo? Was your 'Pop' cool or what?"
With a big smile, Ryūnosuke reached up and gently punched Nick in the chest. "Yeah, you
were pretty cool."
Ataru, stepping up behind Ryūnosuke, hummed in contemplation—then poked the small of
her back, making her leap forward with a squeak of surprise and collide with Nick's front. As
soon as she bumped into him, Hector and Imogen both hugged her, and Nick did his best to
draw her in with them.
Shinobu, uncomprehending, gawked at Ataru as he nodded sagely, like he had done
something for reasons known only to him.
In his mind, the logic was plain and clear as day. A happy Ryūnosuke is one with a family that
loves and supports her. If I can support her happiness, she will become more beautiful and
womanlier than she already is—which will even better for dating!
He nodded once more. It was flawlessly thought.
Ryūnosuke looked up at Nick. "You weren't just sayin' all that junk to make that jerk mad,
weren't ya? Are you all that close with my Mom?"
Helena joined the hug, embracing her from behind. "We sure are, sweetheart. You're a
Sherman now, one of us now and forever."
Ryūnosuke liked that. "Oh… so uh… how does that work? I mean, does this mean I got two
Moms now? Who do I call what?"
"You call your mother, Mom. I can be Helena," Helena replied.
Ryūnosuke blushed bashfully. "… I kinda wanna call you Mom, too…"
Helena cooed. "Aw… you can call me whatever."
Nicole strolled by. "This moment has been cute and all, but I was told something about
Breakfast For Dinner."
Helena gave her a sidelong look. "I'll get here faster with your help, young lady."
Cracking her knuckles, Nicole obliged. "Dibs on making the waffles, then… you never use
enough blueberries.
Nick pulled away, leaving Helena to carry Imogen while he held Hector. "Come on, let's head
back inside."
Sakura gestured to Fujinami. "What about him?"
"Fuck 'im," Nick replied. "He's not out problem anymore."
"Nick," Helena said sharply, "Language. Not in the house, especially in front of the kids."
Flinching, Nick held up a hand in contrition as Hector and Imogen let out "Ooooooohs!" at
his foul word. With a shrug of her shoulders, Sakura followed them inside, with Shinobu and
Ataru being last.
A twitching heap where he still lay, Fujinami watched as his son disappeared in the house—
his broken body unable to move even as he wanted to reach out and plea for him not to leave.
Gurgling, he tried to inch his hand towards the house, using all his willpower to move…
when Lum floated down to the ground in front of him.
Looking up at Lum, Mr. Fujinami managed to open his mouth despite the shattered jaw. "…
S-save… my… s-son…"
Lum looked back at the house, then at him. "I think I understand humans a little more, now.
Ryūnosuke-cha hated you all along. But not as much as you hated her."
Fujinami stared, puzzled at Lum, before electricity began to crackle around her body… first
as small pops and zaps, but soon growing to the roar of an industrial tesla coil.
"I owe you one zap… for every time I wanted to zap you but didn't because I thought you
were just being like an Oni," she said.
Inside the house, everyone jumped when there was a tremendous thundering roar, followed
by a boom of thunder that caused the lights to flicker briefly. As everyone looked to one
another, confused, Lum floated away from the massive scorch mark on the ground where a
now spasming Fujinami lay, and off into the sky.
She was relived, her zaps were back to normal after that weirdness in the Sherman home.
Once she was high enough, she looked back down at it, and where Ataru was probably
putting his foot in his mouth trying to flirt. She wasn't too worried about it, everyone in that
house seemed to not take his antics seriously and there was no way he was going to get
anywhere near Sherman-sensei's daughter with her parents around.
A blush spread across her face and she hugged herself as she thought about what had
happened in the living room.
"That was so embarrassing… getting like that around Darling, in front of everyone like
that…"
She smiled and looked up into the sky, where she could see her UFO hovering among the
clouds. "I think I'll stay the night on my ship to cool off…"
… And after a good night's sleep, she'd try to find what made her act so unexpectedly.
Chapter End Notes
I'm done with that idiot. Just like Kuno he's out of the story for good and he's never
comin' back.
And don't ask about Nagisa Shiowatari, he's dead.
Chapter 32: The B is Back
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Admitting defeat was hard.
Admitting fault in defeat was even harder.
Kuno Kodachi's pride, damaged by her failure to respect the former Vice Principal's position
and what havoc it could wreak, was saved by Nabiki's suggestion to take advantage of the
former Vice Principal's acquisition—but not easily so. The opportunities that having Mendō
Shūtaro on her side were not lost to her… but they came precisely at the cost of having
Mendō Shūtaro on her side.
The setback and the blatant assault on her school by such vulgar men as the Sickle Gang had
seared her and worn through to get beneath her skin. Now she was in the office of her father,
the former principal, pacing back and forth across the room while speaking loudly.
"It is an outrage, an OUTRAGE! That I must bear host to the family of my enemy."
A woman's voice with a Slavic accent replied, coming from a smart phone lying on Kodachi's
desk. "Is it not a simple matter of throwing him out? It is your school, after all."
"Official matters pertaining to students in the Special Administration District require officials
licensed and recognized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and
Technology. The building I own, the faculty I can remove from their positions as I see fit—
but all student records can only be accessed legally by employees of the Japanese
government!"
"Hmm." The woman on the phone pondered this. "What an awkward arrangement."
"There is a reason that there is a prohibition on new students enrolling here," Kodachi
replied, "The only schools taking on new students are the wealthy private schools such as
Kolkhoz and St. Hebereke."
"So, you are stuck with Mr. Mendō until you can find someone who can remove him. He
seems amenable to the arrangement, from what you have told me."
Kodachi let out a sharp, caustic laugh. "That is because he is cut from the same cloth as
Moroboshi Ataru! I could feel the eye he wasn't covering up as a fashion statement all over
my legs and hips the moment he saw me. The man is after one thing and one thing only."
"As I understand it, this should be a windfall for you. The brother of one of your rivals, under
your influence. Why does this upset you?"
Pausing, Kodachi grimaced and turned away from the phone. "To be truthful, it is the fact
that I had fallen into such an easy trap set by my own ego that infuriates me. There is little
satisfaction in having such an asset, knowing that I am only 'making do.'"
She closed her eyes. "Doctor, the fear that dominates me is that I am seconds away from
making another grave error just to salvage my wounded pride, and that from there I will slip
and descend into an unmanageable state."
There was a silence from the phone, before the doctor addressed on the other end replied.
"Do you believe that you may do something to hurt Mendō, or attempt to drive him out?"
Kodachi took a deep breath. "No. In the end Mendō Shūtaro is a rube and flirt who wants to
be surrounded by pretty girls, and at the very least presents an exterior that is attractive to
most young women. That Moroboshi isn't here to peel away that veneer with his antics makes
him less of a threat to anyone. In all honesty, the biggest worry I should have is that Ryōko
may start showing up here to amuse herself with her 'plaything.'"
After a hum of understanding, the woman on the other end of the line responded. "Kodachi, I
would like for you to take a moment and think about where you are right now. Yes, you were
angry earlier today and almost lost your composure… but now that it is behind you, you're
reflecting on what happened and more importantly recognizing it."
Kodachi stopped. "Well… of course I am…"
"This is another good sign of progress. You're aware and in control of your emotions and
impulses, you have come quite a way from when we first met."
"Hm…" Kodachi stared at the phone with raised eyebrows.
"From here you must continue the course and keep working to refine that control; some days
will be better than others, and some worse. But reflection and recognition are key to
achieving resolution. Remember what we discussed in previous sessions, and what you need
to do in case you're feeling overwhelmed or in risk of falling off."
"I will do that," Kodachi vowed, "Thank you for taking this time to speak with me Dr.
Praskovia; especially with so much work you must be doing otherwise."
With a chuckle, the doctor replied. "Oh, compared to what I have to deal with out here,
speaking with you is joy. Please, do not hesitate to call me if you have any questions or
concerns about what we've discussed or your medication—and if you cannot reach me for
whatever reason, you have the direct line to Mizuho."
Kodachi glanced towards the door. "Speaking of things that have to be dealt with, I will have
to cut this call short." She walked over and picked up her phone. "Take care of yourself,
Doctor."
"And you too, Kodachi," the woman on the other end of the line said before the call ended.
Not an instant later, the door was roughly shoved open by Mendo Shutaro in a fit of
flamboyance. There was a moment where nothing happened. He stood, head posed, nose
pointed purposefully toward the air. The next, he swept a hand through his hair and made to
speak before she could unleash a profanity laden remonstration for barging in without
permission.
"Kuno Kodachi-sama, it has come to my attention that there are things happening here at
Furinkan and the surrounding area that I have no knowledge of!" Mendō was loud, brash and
filled with bombast, the opposite of the grim, wounded boy who dragged himself here like a
samurai off the fields of Sekigahara.
Nabiki finally caught up. "Hey, sorry, I didn't want to give things away without permission."
She didn't look quite contrite, but that might have been the death glare she was giving him.
"It is fine." Kodachi said, looking at Mendō who seemed to wait to be addressed. "And what
is it you want to know, Mendō Shutaro? And then, pray tell, what is it that you would do?"
"If there is a threat to the students here, I would throw my very body on the line against the
enemies that wish to harm them!" Mendō was in rare form, pulling a copy of Date
Masamune's helm to place upon his head. "I will storm forth to defend this castle that has
given me refuge!"
Kodachi cringed internally, having grown up with someone so close to this kind of delusion.
Externally, she merely raised an eyebrow and gave a halfhearted expression.
"Is that truly so?" She spoke past him to Nabiki.
"However he thinks he can," Nabiki said, rolling her eyes because the melodrama the richest
boy on Earth was spouting did nothing but cause contempt to radiate from within. "There
were developments I meant to come inform you over, but he was skulking about and
overheard."
Kodachi decided to see what would happen if Mendō knew. "Go on, we shall both listen and
then we shall decide what our parts should be."
Nabiki, now knowing that she wasn't to blame anymore that Mendō found out, rolled with the
punches and spoke. "We found the hideout of the guys making trouble after dark. Calling
themselves the Sickle Gang, they operate out of a bar in Taian."
"Sickle Gang, hm?" Mendō gave a haughty huff.
"You ever hear of them?" Nabiki had a hunch, but she had to ask.
"Sadly not, but now that I know their name, I shall endeavor to erase it," Mendō boldly
proclaimed.
"And you would do what?" Kodachi prompted.
Mendō pulled out the sheathed katana he brought to school with him, posing with it like he
was Vergil from Devil May Cry, the good ones. "I will teach them that a sickle has no place
crossing with a sword!"
Nabiki weighed letting him run off and getting smacked down, but for other plans, she had to
let go of seeing him find out what he was getting into. "Are you sure about that: These guys
dress like a bunch of leather pervs."
Sweat beaded on Mendō's brow. "Come again?"
"Yeah, they're not interested in women in the slightest. They seem to be interested in just
dudes." Nabiki explained, savoring watching the color drain from Mendō's face.
"I… I see." Mendō's mind whirled as he tried to reclaim the momentum he had.
Kodachi, satisfied he was once more in his place as a weak-willed worm, moved things in a
new direction. "There are forces better equipped to deal with them, Mendō Shutaro."
"My sister and the girl who put Tatewaki on the shelf will easily take care of things once they
catch these jerks," Nabiki added.
Being reminded again that THE Kuno Tatewaki was never going to be seen on these streets
again, Mendō calmed himself. "Then perhaps there is something else I can do."
Nabiki leapt ahead of Kodachi on this point. "The school needs a makeover, but too many
people want to drag their feet. While other things have been secured, the most pressing issue
is renovating this dump as soon as possible."
"The Kuno name and fortune can open many doors, but mobilizing the construction force
necessary to do this job in a timely fashion is sadly beyond its reach," Kodachi lamented,
throwing a bone towards the dog who looked like a boy before her.
With gusto that was nearly stomach churning, Mendō dropped down to a knee before
Kodachi. "Consider it done yesterday. I will whip all the necessary funds and laymen needed
before the day is out. Allow me to give wings to the beauty this school shall possess to be
worthy of you."
Nabiki refrained from gagging. "Make sure you have them start with the girls' locker room.
No one knows why the showers are broken and every request to fix them has been denied or
ignored. Not even offering to fix them for free helped."
"There will be plenty of girls who will be happy to have the showers working," Kodachi
added.
"Of course." Mendō kept his head bowed. "After that, we can plan how to properly transform
this building."
"The old principal was a cheapskate, hence why it looked so plain outside of the clock
tower," Nabiki said, to explain things. "Some people have to squeeze a yen until it cries."
Mendō raised his head, looking directly at Kodachi. "Such concerns are of the past."
Kodachi and Nabiki both shared a look. As gratifying as it was to see there was no way
Mendō could be a pawn in his sister's schemes, it brought little comfort because he looked so
pathetic in his desperation for approval.
Still, a free school renovation just could not be passed up.
@@@@@
Wind blew through the Nerima Special Administration District in the growing evening
darkness, as Anya Rozhdestvensky ambled on her cane towards the Moon Parlor Café Host
Club, her blue eyes lifeless from the fury that filled her heart. Beside her, an unmarked van
crept around the corner and rolled to a stop at the foot of the steps that led her to the front
door.
Glancing at the tinted windows of the van, Anya made her way up the stairs, every step slow
and deliberate, before she reached and found the slightly ajar entrance to Suzuki's
establishment. Tightening her grip on the head of her cane, the old Russian walked to the
doors and opened them to walk inside.
She did not expect to find the entire establishment already trashed. Nor did she expect to find
those responsible still trashing it—students from Butsumetsu High School, overturning the
decorations and tables like they were looking for something.
Anya's eyebrows rose, before she looked to her left and found an annoyed looking Katie
seated in the one intact booth in the joint with Akane, Sōban, and Curly. Katie was eating a
sloppily prepared parfait, overseeing the ransacking with Curly and Soban, while Akane—
watching the door—reacted with surprise at Anya's arrival.
"Senpai, isn't that Anya-san?" Akane asked.
Katie looked over and she stood up, fear flashed across her features. "Uh… hey Sasha. What
are you doing here?"
Anya walked over, looking at the rampage, and stopped in front of the booth. "I'm curious to
know that as well… but I'm certain we're here for the same reasons."
Curly looked at the scary-looking foreign woman and balked a bit. "Um… hi?"
Sōban looked at her, bowed his head, and nudged Curly. "Show some more respect."
"Uhh… right, sorry!" Curly bowed his head to her.
Calming down, Katie folded her arms. "We came here to ask the Ace of this place some
questions… but it seems he ain't show up. And since we don't like him all too much, we
decided that we're gonna trash this joint to put him out of business for a while."
Anya smiled with pride in her eyes. "A young lady after my own heart. I came here to do the
same on more permanent terms. But if this is a matter you wish to settle, I'll keep my nose
out of it."
Akane was curious. "What did he do to you?"
Anya looked at the other girl. "I run more than a karaoke bar. Many of the host clubs here
that don't threaten guests with violence to buy more drinks are mine. Since word has gotten
around that Suzuki is the one behind the harassment of all manner of host, I thought I'd come
and teach him a lesson in manners."
Katie paled. "Huh, so you were here for that. That fool was really shaking down normal Host
Clubs, too?"
"Regrettably," Anya answered.
Letting out a whistle, Katie shook her head. "Yeah, that man is too dumb to live. I'll be sure to
kick him in the head a few more times if we can find him."
She gestured around. "Don't get why this place wouldn't be open though, it's a Friday night
and everything."
Anya nodded assent. "That is troubling, Friday and Saturday nights are a mandatory open for
any place that wants to balance the books."
Curly, looking back and forth between Katie and Anya, spoke up. "Hey uh, Katie. Mind
askin' the lady here if she knows anythin'?"
Both Akane and Sōban nodded in agreement, and Katie obliged the curious Anya. "This ain't
the first spot we shook down today, Sasha. We were over at Ikemen Teitoku earlier, looking
for another idiot who bit off more than he could chew."
In response, Anya puzzled over that. "Interesting… I believe anyone there would know not to
be too noisy. What's going on?"
Katie agreed. "Yeah, they would, and for good reason—they're the base for this bunch of
weirdos called the Sickle Gang. Or at least they were… Ucchan gone done went there and all
we know is that it did not go well."
She pulled out the clue they had to Ucchan's presence in the club: a single spatula.
Anya nodded again. "Sickle Gang, hmm? I've heard rumors about them… mostly from old,
tattooed men long released from their familial obligations. Very much a menace a decade
ago, when I moved here, and everything was chaos."
"Is your memory any better than big guy's, here?" Katie asked as she gestured to Sōban.
"Because the big reason we came lookin' for Suzuki is to find out where else those fools
could be hidin'."
Anya mulled it over. "Their options would be gone quite a bit given the walls… so they may
have found someplace new to hide."
Akane spoke up. "Is there anything at all you can think of?"
The old woman nodded. "Yes, one thing I remember well from that gang's story was their
conflict with a martial artist."
Katie agreed. "This Happo whatever guy, right?"
"Correct. He ran a dojo in Furinkan that was abandoned after he died. Not long after that, the
land and all the buildings on it was bought up and demolished to make way for a school."
She hummed. "Your school, I believe."
Akane groaned. "That doesn't help us!"
Katie stopped her. "Hol' up, maybe it does."
"How?" Akane, Curly, and Sōban asked.
"That Kawasaki guy was lyin' his ass off about Kamaitachi doing this because he likes
Suzuki. They're lookin' for somethin'," Katie replied, "Somethin' that they were willin' to
bend over forwards for a guy like Suzuki in order to find it."
Curly was surprised. "How'd you figure he was lyin'?"
Katie hooked a thumb at herself. "Trade secret, but I was feelin' him out when I was askin'
my questions. I know when people lie and when they tell the truth—and while he gave me
some true answers, he gave one big whopper of a lie: why Kamaitachi was helping them."
Curly laughed. "So it wasn't because Kamaitachi liked him?"
"Nope," Katie responded, "But as sure as the crow flies… he was being dead honest about
Kamaitachi wantin' to take somethin' from him. It explains how they were real gung ho about
fighting Ryūnosuke—until Suzuki got angry. They got mighty amenable after that."
Akane understood. "Aside from Ryūnosuke, they haven't attacked girls either, when they
used to never hold back."
Katie looked around. "Anyway. Call it a long shot, but I think they're after somethin' related
to that old guy's dojo…"
Thinking about the dojo's description from Anya, Akane realized something. "Wait, wait,
wait…"
"Hm?" Katie asked. "What is it?"
"There might be clues at my dojo," Akane revealed.
Katie tilted her head. "… How?"
"Because Suzuki was a student of my father's, that's why," Akane revealed. "And that dojo
Anya-san is talking about… sounds like the old dojo my father trained in."
Anya was surprised. "My… are you sure?"
"Mostly, why?" Akane asked her in turn.
Anya gave Akane a firm look, before shaking her head. "Nevermind. If this is all true then
you have some looking to do, yes?"
She turned towards the door. "Once again, as this is your business, I'll leave you to resolve it.
My security will be unhappy to know they will not get to bust any skulls… but they're being
paid overtime so I doubt they will mind."
As she reached the door, Katie called after her. "Say, do you want this place when we're done
with it?"
With a hum, Anya replied. "Actually? Yes. Try not to cause any fire or water damage and I
will be by in the morning to buy it from the building management."
Katie saluted Anya. "Yes, Capitan."
"Don't call me that," Anya sniped as she left.
Turning to her kouhai and allies, Katie nodded. "Let's wrap it up and call it a night—we don't
want it gettin' too dark. Akaneko, is it okay if I crash at your place tonight?"
Akane nodded. "Kasumi will be thrilled."
Katie's face turned a bit red, but she quickly played through it. "All right then."
Curly got up and called to his fellow delinquents. "Hey you bums! We're headed back!"
As the student delinquents of Butsumetsu High School acquiesced and began leaving, Curly
turned to the Furinkan girls. "You gals be careful, okay?"
"We sure will," Katie promised. "You have yourselves a safe night…"
@@@@@
Through a dense, pitch-dark forest of tall bamboo lit only by fireflies, Madame Kamenbell
and Kamaitachi walked down a narrow path. Behind them, HG, RG, and several Sickle Gang
Members followed in double file lines, sharing Kamaitachi's wonder at their surroundings.
"… I cannot believe there's something like this here…" The Madame's right-hand man said in
quiet disbelief as he reached out and allowed a firefly to briefly land on his fingertip.
"Be very careful, despite being through here many times, there are still traps and tricks that I
have not made safe," Madame Kamenbell advised.
Kamaitachi swatted away the firefly when the threat of insidious devices reared its head.
"Traps?"
"The owner of this forest was once principal of Furinkan High School, and he was a man
with one singular desire: to torment and humiliate his students," Madame Kamenbell
explained. "And he spared no expense in the endeavor."
Kamaitachi made a face at that. "Why?"
"Because degenerates are beholden to twisted desires," Madame Kamenbell replied.
A weak voice called from the middle of the procession. "You are… seriously one to talk…"
Kamaitachi glanced back and bored a hateful glare into Suzuki, who was bound hog-tied and
carried between HG and RG. "Speaking is a privilege, don't lose it."
"Pay him no mind, he is simply a child," Madame Kamenbell said.
The group crossed a small wooden bridge over a creek and stepped onto the tatami mats of a
kabuki rendition of a Shogun's war council. At the very center of the room was a table with a
diorama of the entirety of the Nerima Ward. Sweeping dramatically around the table to its
head, Madame Kamenbell fell to his knees, and gestured to the map with both hands.
"Besides… we need to hear what he has to say."
One by one, Kamaitachi, HG, RG, and the rest of the Sickle Gang members present gathered
around the table. As Suzuki was forced down to sit at the table, Madame Kamenbell
produced a cigarette that Kamaitachi reverently lit for him. Taking a drag of it, he blew out
curling wisps of smoke before looking at the young man.
"Now then, the Fox Shrine."
Sweat formed on Suzuki's forehead as Kamaitachi flipped closed the lighter. He looked down
at the map, then up at Madame Kamenbell again. "What about it?"
"You know where it is, do you not?" Madame Kamenbell asked.
"… What if I don't?" Suzuki asked.
Madame Kamenbell leaned forward. "They will never find your body."
The affable, chummy air around the returned leader of the Sickle Gang had vanished,
replaced with malice unseen even when he had cut down Ukyo. Chills raked through Suzuki,
following the trails of his veins, and lancing through his heart like spears of ice.
Kamaitachi leaned over as well.
"Considering how you'll die? I think you'll appreciate that no one will ever see what we do to
you."
Suzuki lowered his head, in fear for his life. "All right… you made your point. So… you
know how this school sits on where an old dojo used to be, right?"
Madame Kamenbell perked up. "Yes, the Founding School of Indiscriminate Grappling,
headed by that hideous troll obsessed with disgusting things."
"Everything from the old school was torn down except for one thing, an old fox statue in the
back of the school with its right paw raised…" Suzuki continued.
Madame Kamenbell looked ready to wail. "… Yes, I have seen it. For years I've agonized
over its meaning. Tell me, Suzuki-kun! What secret does it hold?"
Suzuki looked at the men surrounding him, fearing what could become of him, before
explaining. "In the direction the paw is pointing… walk a hundred steps and you'll find the
true location of the Fox Shrine."
Madame Kamenbell crushed his cigarette and bellowed out a plume of smoke as he rose from
the table.
"I knew it!" He roared. "All this time, the statue pointed the way! A hundred paces… a
hundred steps from the fox statue to destiny–!"
He stopped when he recalled his prior life as a cog in society's machine, and how he would
walk along the school's grounds, trying to decipher the fox statue's secrets. His eyes grew
wide behind his mask, as he remembered exactly where the statue was pointed.
"… Impossible…" He breathed.
Kamaitachi was worried. "Madame…?"
"It was so close, and yet so far. If I had simply obliged the women of this school, then…
then…"
Madame Kamenbell stopped, then bowed his head. "No, there is no time to dwell.
Kamaitachi!"
Kamaitachi held out his right hand, then looped it around to hold it straight up in front of
him, the salute of the Sickle Gang. "Yes, Madame Kamenbell!"
"Those girls, and the men from Butsumetsu. They will not be a simple matter to deal with."
With great melodrama, Madame Kamenbell turned to him. "The beautiful world we've
dreamt of is in our grasp! We will need as much manpower as we can muster, from any men
we can muster!"
Kamaitachi understood. "I shall begin initiations immediately. There are plenty of young men
who yearn to be free from their shame… I will need many masks."
Madame Kamenbell pointed forward. "Then go! Reap through the night and gather an army
of beauty that will sweep aside the world's hideousness!"
Suzuki chose this moment to speak up. "Hold on a minute!"
Madame Kamenbell and Kamaitachi both turned to look at him.
"What's this all about?" The Pick Up Martial Artist demanded. "What's so important about a
paved over Shrine?!"
In an instant Madame Kamenbell loomed over Suzuki—his hand resting on his face—all of
his mania from a moment before gone, replaced by a stillness that thrummed with
anticipation.
"My beautiful Suzuki," he said to the once more terrified young man, "Within the shrine lies
a spring… and from this spring flows the water of destiny."
"… And…?" Suzuki asked.
Madame Kamenbell nodded. "Water with the power to transform all that it touches… into a
man."
Suzuki let that roll over in his head. "What."
Madame Kamenbell pulled away. "And with this water, we will change the world forever. It
will become what it always should've been."
He reached up, cupping his own cheeks as he lifted his chin up and sighed longingly.
"… A truly beautiful place, a world of only men."
Suzuki stared at Madame Kamenbell, then at Kamaitachi—who was glowing at the idea of
this world—and then at the other Sickle Gang Members surrounding him… likewise
enraptured. Looking back at the leader of the Sickle gang, he felt a wave of many emotions,
but the first and strongest of them was fear as Madame Kamenbell slowly turned towards
him.
"And you… Suzuki, my dear, beautiful man…"
Every word ratcheted Suzuki's fear higher, as Madame Kamenbell reached for him.
"… You will be one of its heralds."
|The Lonely Wolf, The Prideful Tiger and the Genius Girl|
As Shampoo came at Ranma, the cursed boy who happened to be a girl right now got the full
sense that she was not someone who either learned lessons or understood how to think
through a situation. To wit, despite being knocked out in a single kick and unable to really do
more than send the redhead fleeing, the girl continued to attack and attack.
Firmly asserting once more that the panda who was also his parent was an idiot, the time for
running was over.
The kick that nearly decapitated the Amazon caused an explosion of air that sounded like the
growl of an annoyed jungle cat.
Perhaps it had grown tired of the chase and wanted to be left alone.
"Hiya!" Shampoo's thought train promptly derailed as a second, faster and harder kick nearly
got her.
Luckily, she was gifted enough to know when a strike should be blocked and when to dodge,
or else both of her trusted maces would be powder right now.
Not satisfied, Ranma twisted around and unleashed a right corkscrew punch that launched a
spiraling bullet of air right for Shampoo's recovering body.
"Hmph!" The way the rain exploded towards her alerted Shampoo to the nature of the attack.
She took the left mace just under its head and used the sphere to block the blow, before
closing in on her prey at high speed. "You die!"
"I'm still tired of you always saying that!" Ranma warned, as the pair fell into a series of
blows that missed by razor thin margins.
The running battle crossed the rooftops of densely packed slums, raced up and down the sides
of buildings, and criss-crossed streetlights, vehicle tops, and busy intersections. Startled
onlookers, their smartphone and dashboard cameras, and their city-run closed-circuit
counterparts could only catch the barest glimpses of the melee.
Swipes and smears of purple, red, green and yellow burned into lenses and memories as the
air thundered and rain scattered with every clash, over mixed bickering in two different
languages.
Full disclosure: Were circumstances different, if nothing was at stake, Saotome Ranma would
be having the time of his life against someone who fought with such refreshing abandon.
As things were, he was agitated out of his mind that this girl who only knew his name and
some variant of kill was only reinforcing how much he wanted to just be cured of his malady
and never come back to this place—to hell with how many strong martial artists were here!
In the center of a crowded street full of nice cars and pedestrians in expensive clothes from
different countries and worlds, Ranma landed and slid across the wet pavement backward
until he came to the stop in the middle of a crosswalk. In front of him, Shampoo crashed
down into a hard landing, attacking the ground to drive all over her speed into the pavement
as force and cracking it.
"Stop running," Shampoo commanded.
Ranma rolled his eyes. "Oh yeah, you know other words. That's nice."
Shampoo bristled. "Fuck you."
She threw one of the hammers straight at Ranma's head, the weapon becoming like a missile.
It crashed into his outstretched hand, stopping the weapon that had such force behind it the
red sleeve of his shirt was pushed up to his shoulder. With the lightness of a sparrow
Shampoo vaulted up the end of the hammer, went up over Ranma, and swung down on his
head.
The young man in a girl's body's high kick met the other mallet—though he had intended to
hit her significantly harder head.
This annoyed him so much. After only one fight, Shampoo had learned to keep her face out
of the reach of his limbs—she was already the best fight he'd ever had! "Why do you gotta
keep takin' the fun outta this?!"
Shampoo swung herself around the upraised handle of her blocked mallet and dove at
Ranma, but her punch only put a hole in the striped asphalt of the crosswalk. She looked up
in time to see Ranma perched upon the traffic light to her right, before in the next instant he
came down with a flying kick aimed at putting her out.
With all her might and speed she accelerated upward in a leap to the traffic light arm directly
above the crosswalk, catching it to swing like an Olympic uneven bars gymnast and stand
atop the rain-slick metal.
Ranma prepared to leap up, when he heard the alarming sound of metal shearing through
metal as Shampoo became a blur running across the length of the arm—leaving it to fall
towards him. Quickly side-hopping away from the falling pieces of metal, Ranma landed just
in time to see the glint of brighter steel out the corner of his eye and he weaved under the two
bladed sword—Shampoo's jian—wielded with a wild fervor.
The slippery pavement made sliding his feet and spacing his legs to duck and dip around
Shampoo's thrusts of the blade simple. Ranma slipped and shuffled without even lifting his
feet off the ground, opening the distance between him and Shampoo.
Backward he fled and forward she charged, windmilling his arms and moving his head like
he was headbanging at a speed metal show to avoid getting any of those parts pierced or
shorn off by the blade.
Undaunted by his fancy footwork, Shampoo accelerated, closing the gap between them.
Tilting his head left, he avoided Shampoo's strike. "Your next words are: 'Ranma, you die!'"
"Ranma!"
He bowed his head down, the blade passing left to right over his head.
"You!"
He tilted his head back, lifting his chin enough for the blade to pass under it right to left. Her
already red vision going white-hot, Shampoo expertly brought her blade back and lashed out
at him at high speed to cut him into messy chunks.
"Die!"
Ranma grabbed the hood of a car stopped as the driver gaped at the wild fight coming
towards him, and vaulted over it. He was halfway across the hood, however, when Shampoo
stabbed into the hood of the car and pulled herself across it to kick him in the stomach and
send him across the intersection.
It was a surprise; she finally hit him.
As Ranma recovered, he lamented Shampoo's error. That kick was never going to do
anything—he was already moving backward!
Shampoo was already whirling through the air in a perfect quintuple axle, spinning to build
killing momentum for splitting him in two as soon as he stopped his landing.
It was faster than Ranma expected, impressively so. He could see in every new movement
and attack, she was getting closer, forcing herself to find different ways to bridge the gap.
Shame that her only thought was killing him. If Shampoo had a chance to think about
anything else, like how to actually win? He'd be worried.
In that perfect moment the blade came down, before Ranma could sidestep and counter
attack, a black blur dashed between them and the sword disappeared from Shampoo's grip.
Startled, Ranma jumped back as Shampoo landed and scrambled backward from him in
similar surprise.
Both turned and stared at the new interloper, and gave a start at the large and fearsome
looking black wolf that now clenched Shampoo's jian in its teeth. Growling, the wolf snapped
his jaws to adjust the blade, clamping them down on the handle before looking pointedly at
Shampoo.
"Who wolf?" Shampoo asked, before looking at Ranma. "Your wolf?!"
"It's not mine at all!" Ranma snapped back before he looked carefully at the wolf, wondering
why it had intervened and what beef it had with Shampoo for jumping in like this. As he
analyzed it, taking the time to inwardly applaud its dramatic timing, he noticed a detail that
stood out.
"Wait a minute…" He said as he recognized the yellow and black bandanna around its neck.
"… Hold up, it can't be…"
The wolf noticed Ranma's stare and shook his body like he was shedding the pouring rain. In
the process it revealed more of the bandanna, as if the beast wanted Ranma to confirm what
he was looking at.
"… R-Ryōga…?" At his murmur, the wolf growled in affirmative and stepped closer,
challenging Shampoo.
Ranma felt a little indignant. "I fell into the girl spring but somehow you end up getting a
way cooler curse?!" He paused. "Wait, what are you even doing here, did you follow me to
China?!"
The wolf abruptly turned his head and nodded to Ranma affirmative.
Ranma tilted his head to one side in complete confusion. "… How?"
When the wolf just shrugged his shoulders, Ranma let out a groan. "Of course. That would be
my luck… I swear, do I look like Moroboshi to the universe or somethin'?"
Shampoo glared at the wolf, as she calmly drew a second jian from the back of her collar.
"Obstacles in Shampoo way die."
The wolf tightened its jaws on the sword and charged Shampoo. Reaching her, he swung the
sword with enough speed that she had to move even faster to block it. The wolf's strength
caught her off guard, as the asphalt cracked and split beneath her feet.
Ranma was struck. "Ryōga's… defendin' me? Even after Pops dragged me from my duel, and
the couple times I beat him to lunch?"
As Shampoo and the wolf continued to lock blades. Ranma rubbed his chin as he tried to
figure it out. "Huh… could it be that since our duel was interrupted, he's not allowing anyone
else to kill me? Or maybe… being a wolf is really cool, and he likes his curse so much that
he's now my ally against Shampoo?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Whatever, as long as Shampoo has someone else to look at, I can
knock her out and be on my way back to Jusen–"
Slithering in like Randy Orton with a panda fursona, Genma came up behind Ranma outta
nowhere and smashed him over the head with a piece of the broken traffic light Shampoo had
cut up before. Caught completely off-guard, that brother in a sister's body was gone in an
instant.
The loud clang alerted Shampoo to Genma, but her surprise allowed the wolf to parry her
blade and shove her back. Looking back, the wolf could already see Genma-panda fleeing
down the street towards the docks—the unconscious Ranma dangling off his shoulder.
With an affirming glint in his eyes, the wolf turned his attention back to Shampoo when he
heard her enraged scream as she attempted to launch herself past him and reengage her
pursuit. Leaping into action, the wolf accelerated ahead of her then rounded back and swung
at her with his stolen sword. Shampoo's blade lashed out and blocked his blade, the clang
echoing over the falling rain.
Recoiling back, Shampoo screamed. "DIE, OBSTACLE!"
Howling, the wolf galloped towards Shampoo and leaped to clash with her again.
As the sound of savage combat and approaching sirens filled the air, Genma-panda kept
running—damn the gasping onlookers at the sight of a real live panda with a girl over his
shoulder. With his son unconscious this was the sole chance he had to get out of the country
with him and back to their home.
Hopefully the freighter he knew would take them that way had chains and rope—because he
was going to need them.
Chapter End Notes
And that's a wrap for Volume 6. See you soon in Volume 7.
Chapter 33: Volume 7 Wrecking Crew: Foundation
Chapter Notes
Ladies and gentlemen, we are so back.
See the end of the chapter for more notes
In the Tendo Dojo, late after returning from Taian, the girls were preparing to spar again.
Akane was clad in her gi, and Katie in the top and shorts she wore under her school uniform,
ready and waiting to begin.
With the looming crisis at hand, and the frustration of the Sickle Gang vanishing over the last
few days, training helped blow off steam and prepare them for what was next.
With a stiff nod and no words exchanged, the girls moved towards one another at high speed.
The Senpai of the pair unleashed a flurry of jabs, and her Kouhai parried them in short order,
then bobbed her head and weaved her body to bring herself closer amidst the deluge of quick
strikes her senior followed with.
She had precious little time to be fancy, so the front kick Ak threw looked sloppy, but did its
job disrupting Katie's flow. Katie twisted her body to avoid it, then swung in her left knee to
counter.
Akane threw up both arms to block the kick and only shuffled in the direction of the hit, none
the worse for wear.
Many opponents shrank from reach advantage, becoming turtles and trying to block too
much, but Akane quickly overcame the instinct to defend with a quick round house kick to
clear some space between her and her opponent.
Akane whipped a low kick that Katie stopped with a strike of her own, before she went in
with a stream of quick jabs aimed for Katie's chest and stomach
The sound of rapid-fire clapping followed as Katie was forced to walk backward while
cycing her hands backward to keep ahead of and block Akane's hits.
Then Akane came up with a quick kick to the left side of Katie's head that she blocked—
followed by an even quicker blow aimed at the right side.
Katie leaned back around it, then lashed out with a crescent kick that interrupted Akane's
attack and allowed her to recapture the offensive.
Her swings were deceptive, looking wide but moving much faster than Akane's shorter jabs,
keeping her on the backfoot, as Katie put more pressure.
When the smaller girl found an opening to attack, her uppercut aimed at Katie's jaw was
stopped by an elbow, and her subsequent spin kick aimed at her side was stopped by a raised
knee.
Katie's offense toppled onto Akane in a deluge of quick standing-strikes aimed at testing her
fortitude in the face of being caught within her reach.
Showing she had been learning from earlier spars, Akane checked her with parries
reminiscent of karate—a hallmark of her family school mixing the various fighting arts. Her
tenacity was rewarded, scraping in two quick punches to strike Katie's stomach and chest,
then an uppercut to her chin without her being able to deflect them off course first.
Surprised, Katie took two steps back and the briefest moment to appreciate Akane connecting
her hits. "I love how you come in and stay in."
"It's that or wait outside and get hit, Senpai!" Akane shot back before she shot forward.
Footfalls resounded like thunder, gently rattling the walls of the dojo as if a reminder of the
hall's true purpose.
Akane's step-in improved to keep up with her Senpai, erasing the gap whenever Katie
hesitated.
Katie's chest thrummed, rising and falling in time to the stern puffs of air blasting out of her
nostrils. Just like their first spar, she was being pressed by her kouhai and it felt great.
You're such a gosh dang joy to throw hands with! She thought as she threw a forward knee
then stomped hard towards Akane, routing her from the attack.
She surged forward, high kicking and stomping again three more times before lunging with a
rear uppercut that connected with Akane's stomach and lifted the girl off her toes.
Akane's feet came down solid, spaced out, and she raised her right arm to powerfully block
the downward roundhouse Katie had followed her uppercut with. The force of the blow
traveled through her whole body, but the shockwave was invigorating.
That was a good hit! Show me more of your Muay Boran, Senpai! She thought with
exhilaration.
The spar's pace quickened, both girls beaming with joy, seeing the other had made another
step forward, even as they exchanged blistering blows. One of Katie's elbows connected with
Akane's cheek, and her kouhai's retaliatory uppercut found its mark on her chin in turn before
they parted to see how to proceed next.
Akane rubbed her cheek, as her gaze sharply swept over her Senpai. "That was incredible."
Katie giggled. "Your aggression is amazing, Akaneko, but turn it up more!"
The younger girl obliged in making the first move, seemingly vanishing into a left high kick
without a single tell to its name. However, Katie did not retreat as orthodoxy demanded, she
moved in a way that allowed her to avoid the attack and advance to pressure Akane back.
The real thrill of fighting swept through Akane. Again, she moved to meet the foreign girl's
assault, slipping in some surprising hooks and even a cheeky little uppercut to gain space.
It was actually kind of sad, how she just was not allowed to enjoy this until Katie came along.
After their mother died, her father just gave up on the art.
Kasumi was the same problem. Sparring with her was out of the question.
Nabiki just wasn't a martial artist at all.
Without her sisters, without her father, without anyone who fought on her level, it was so
hard to find the high that battle brought. The way her body shook from blows connecting or
being blocked, the blood rushing in her ears as she moved with someone who could move
with her.
Nothing came close.
And no one came close to giving her that.
It felt so good to have this feeling, and a friend to share it with.
When was the last time she actually felt it?
Exchanging salvos of punches with Katie, Akane slipped inside her reach to shoulder check
and force her off balance.
With no time to contemplate how to follow up, Akane lunged forward with something she
hadn't before—a corkscrew punch from a more mainstream style of karate, one whose
founder was famed for fighting bulls with his fists.
Let it be said though, that it was not as simple as shoving Katie off balance to leave her truly
vulnerable.
Even on mostly just her left big toe, she was still a threat.
Pivoting on just that, she matched Akane's corkscrew blow with her own, both punches
screaming towards impact.
Just mere millimeters from connecting, the two punches stopped as if they each hit a wall.
From between them came a tuft of air that blew back both girls' hair even as it moved on that
thin axis that separated them.
Akane recognized it as the same thing with Kuno.
Was this Cavitation?
That did not escape Katie's notice. "Well, golly! Where'd that come from?"
"… I just wanted to mix it up a bit," Akane explained, deciding this was a fine point to stop
and chat. "Not bad, huh?"
"Not in the slightest," Katie admitted, relaxing into a stance that seemed like a certain
mangaka snuck in under an invisibility cloak and posed her. "Lotta people like to boast about
having a pretty deep bag but stick to what they got in the smallest pockets. If I had been a
second off, that punch could have easily drilled me right into the wall like last time."
Akane could not feel more content. "Right? But you always seem to be a half step in front of
me, Senpai. I still have a way to go before I can catch up to that."
Beaming, Katie chuckled. "You're so much closer than you think you are. This ain't your
primary form of fightin', after all."
Akane nodded, but a smile failed to find her face. "I'm having fun with my unarmed, though."
"You are," Katie insisted, before she pouted a bit. "But I haven't gotten to spar with you
swinging a sword yet. I wanna see ya do what you know best, yannow?"
Akane's eyes lit up at the opportunity to show Katie what she could do with a bokken, before
clapping off to their side reminded both girls of the world outside the dojo. Soun stood there,
a goofy grin on his face.
"That was wonderful, both of you!"
Akane bowed in reverence to her father, her smile returning as she came up.
Katie didn't mind the interruption, in fact, she was happy to see him up and doing more than
sitting on his butt.
"Hey, thanks," she said, starting out a bit smoother than normal. "What's up?"
"Is dinner ready?" Akane asked her father.
"Oh, dinner is still a bit off, I just heard you two sparring and came to watch."
"Glad you enjoyed the show," Katie replied. "Just as glad that you showed up, too. We got
some questions to ask."
"Oh?" Soun was interested in Katie's request, curious if they wanted some input from an old
hand at the craft. "I'd be happy to offer any input you desire."
"Mighty kind of you." Katie said before she cut to the chase. "Well, we found out who got the
drop on them acquaintances of ours the other night, and after some poking around we found
something interesting. Does the name 'Sickle Gang' ring a bell with you?"
Soun rubbed his chin with a growing frown. "There's a name I have not heard in a long time.
An old gang of… unusual people."
"Yeah, leather daddies. We been fighting them the last few days."
Akane nodded. "Or at least we were. We haven't seen so much as a studded wristband since
they tried to jump us at school."
With a grave nod, Soun continued rubbing his chin. "At school? I wish I could be surprised at
their wretched barbarism; I'm glad that you both have come from these battles safe."
"They were tough, but weren't nothin' we can't handle with a plan," Katie said. "The thing
we're more concerned about is what they're raising all this fuss about."
Soun grew curious. "Oh?"
Akane elaborated. "One of your former students has been dealing with them; they seem to be
after something that might be here."
Katie noticed it before Akane did, Soun's eyes widening in alarm.
"Dad," Akane continued, "Why did the Sickle Gang want to fight with your old master,
Happo–?"
Much faster than Katie thought the man capable, Soun rushed across the dojo to his daughter
and clamped his hand over her mouth. As Akane recoiled, shocked, her father bellowed all
but directly in her face.
"DO NOT SAY THAT NAME!"
Akane stared at her father, blinking rapidly but saying no words.
Katie rubbed the back of her head. "I mean, it's a bit late fer that. We've been saying his name
all day."
Soun turned to her, looking almost demonic. "You do know that when you speak of the devil,
he can hear you all the way in Hell!"
He released Akane, and her confused gaping was replaced by a scowl. "The Sickle Gang
were supposed to fight…"
When she saw her father about to flip out, she amended herself much quicker. "… your old
master. What happened?"
"He died," Soun answered abruptly.
Katie figuratively leaned in. "Y'sure about that?"
"Absolutely," he answered with the same suddenness.
Katie and Akane shared looks and realized, at once, that they did this a lot when they were of
the same thought.
"Okay then, why were the Sickle Gang going to fight him before he died?" Akane pressed.
As if all the demons of fear and dread had been flattened to the ground by the gravity of the
situation, Soun grew serious.
"To better understand what I am about to tell you, I must provide some context…"
Katie gestured for Soun to continue. "All right."
"The leader of the Sickle Gang and my Evil Master were both men who deeply opposed one
another."
Akane took note. "So, this was a conflict with a gang of women-hating men in leather, and
your master was the evil one?"
"There were no heroes in their conflict," Soun said plainly.
Both girls hummed in grim understanding.
Soun bowed his head. "Shortly before my Evil Master's inexplicable, mysterious death that I
am still unsure of the circumstances… he came to me with a chilling secret regarding our old
dojo, which he sold for sake—the sake of saving the secrets of the founding school. Beneath
the dojo, there is a shrine dedicated to mischievous foxes, and at its center is a spring of
tremendous power."
Katie brightened. "Ooh, a mystical spring?"
Akane rolled her eyes. "What's so mystical about it?"
Soun lifted his head up. "According to legend, many generations ago, a village that once sat
here was beset upon by rambunctious foxes who caused mayhem and did as they pleased.
The villagers were at their wits' end with how to stop them, until a traveling monk from a
faraway place in China called Jusenkyo appeared."
Both girls nodded, following the story so far.
"The monk, after hearing the plight of the villagers, spoke a mysterious chant and tapped his
staff on the ground. From where his staff struck the ground, a spring bubbled forth—and
when the foxes went into it, they came out transformed into men!"
Akane tilted her head to one side. "The spring turned the foxes into men."
Soun nodded. "True story."
Katie scrutinized that. "So… the monk's solution for a roving band of troublemaking
varmints was to transform them into something bigger, stronger, and with opposable
thumbs?"
Soun nodded again. "Correct. Instead of fixing the problem it made everything worse and no
one was happy."
Katie shook her head, exasperated by the absurd outcome. "Not all who wander are wise."
But when she gave the story some more thought, and put four-twenty and sixty-nine together.
Her nose crinkled in disgust.
"… No…"
Akane puzzled at her Senpai's lament. "What is it, Sen…"
When Katie turned the look onto her kouhai, realization took her as well.
"… No…"
Soun confirmed their cringiest fears. "No doubt, the Sickle Gang want the Spring for
themselves, so that they may turn everything its water touches into men."
Hearing what she was thinking being said aloud, however, removed Akane from the plot.
"Wait, no, that's stupid."
Katie agreed, but it needed to be said. "Well, they weren't none too bright to begin with."
"That's their big plan, grab water from a mystical spring and just turn everyone into men?!"
Akane asked. "Come on, Dad, what does anyone even gain from that?"
Nabiki chimed in from the doorway. "I'm gonna have to ask cui bono on this one, too."
Akane held her hand in greeting. "Hey, Nabiki."
Soun shook his head. "What would a group like the Sickle Gang gain at all from a world of
only men?"
Katie dropped her shoulders and looked down at her feet.
"I really didn't wanna think about it in those terms, but God damn it…"
"It's not just dumb—it's childish," Nabiki derided. "I mean, sure, wanting the freedom to be
gay in Japan is something worthy of sympathy and fighting for—but this whole 'turn
everything into a man' thing is on some real serious chuunibyou hours."
Her head still bowed; Katie felt indignation burn just below her heart. "That just rubs me the
wrong way."
Soun offered reassurances to the agitated young women. "I wouldn't be too worried. The
secrets of the Fox Shrine, from where it is located to the key to accessing the spring, are all
safe within the walls of this dojo. The Sickle Gang can try all they like, but they'll never
come close."
Akane ruined that delusion of safety. "Um… Dad? I did say that one of your old students has
been dealing with them."
Soun let out a boisterous, confident laugh. "I've trained many students, but none that I have
taught the secrets of the Tendo Dojo's solemn duty! Well, except for one; a fine young man—
almost the top of all of my students from those days before your mother's passing."
Nabiki chimed. "His name wouldn't have been Suzuki, would it?"
Soun nodded. "Ah, you remember him!"
The Tendo Patriarch went still, his cheerful smile locked onto his face.
"Ah."
Rolling her eyes, Nabiki turned away from her father. "Welp, better make use of the time we
have to secure my belongings before the inevitable Leather Daddy assault on the Tendo
Compound."
Akane called out to her sister. "Nabiki, you can't just say that like they're going to just–"
Katie gently sealed a hand over Akane's mouth this time, bringing her close in the same
motion so the taller girl could gently talk in her ear.
"Akaneko, you're an absolute sweetheart and I adore this friendship we have, but please shut
the hell up before you drop one of them there fate-tempting lines and we gotta battle a bunch
of old perverts before Kasumi gets done with dinner."
Her eyes widened with understanding, before Akane nodded in compliance.
"Atta girl."
Nabiki brought good news, at least. "I didn't encounter anything strange on my way back
home, and I walked the whole way. It was just quiet outside; not distressingly quiet like we
were about to be ambushed in the next five seconds–"
Everyone in the dojo gave pause and waited.
All clear.
"Or not with obvious guys in black lurking around, waiting to launch their attack now that
we're all in the same spot–"
They once again paused.
No savage combat commenced.
"It was just me, the night air, and not a soul to be heard."
Another pause followed, before Katie finally spoke up.
"I swear on my Momma, Papa, and all my lil cousins if you keep tempting fate, I will shut
your mouth for you."
Nabiki fluttered her eyelashes at the taller girl. "Promise?"
Akane broke free of Katie, rising to her feet. "Whatever! Let's sit down for dinner before
some idiot really does attack the house!"
Katie shared Nabiki's mirthful look and couldn't help but giggle as Akane stomped out
followed by Soun.
As he passed his second daughter, she poked his shoulder and received his attention.
"By the by, I passed Dr. Tofu's on the way over, and he wanted to know if you'd be up for a
neighborhood watch patrol later tonight. You don't have to go, but seeing how you're the big
bad martial arts master of the family, and you happen to know a thing or two about the Sicko
Gang? It'd be considerate."
Her gaze was not merely probing, she saw clean through him—she already knew his answer.
Soun cleared his throat. "We shall see. I have been nursing something of a headache today;
depending on how I feel after dinner, I may just lie down."
With that he headed on, Nabiki's withering gaze burning a hole in the back of his head.
As she turned to address Katie, the taller girl's right hand came to rest on the doorway just
above her shoulder. Right there, just inside of Nabiki's personal space, Katie leaned in close
and spoke with a tender tone even gentler than when she chastised Akane.
"Yannow," she murmured, dipping her head closer to hers. "While we're dealin' with this
mess, maybe you shouldn't walk home by your lonesome this late, even if it's a straight shot
from school. I'd hate for anythin' to happen to ya."
Nabiki stared into Katie's eyes, feeling not unlike a rabbit cornered in the gaze of a wolf
leisurely deciding what to do with her. The taller girl's nearness made the difference between
their respective heights all the more striking, but it was the softness and the genuine concern
in her voice that had its strongest effect.
The second Tendo daughter was not used to the sound of her blood rushing through her veins
or her pulse rapidly pounding in her ears.
"I'll be happy to walk you home, all you gotta do is call," Katie continued, before she turned
and strolled after Soun like nothing happened.
Nabiki followed the other girl with her eyes, trying to remember how to breathe as she fell
out of sight. Even when she did, she still needed a few moments more for the flush blooming
across her face to fade and the strength return to her legs before she could finally join the
others in the living room.
@@@@@
Ucchan slowly woke up, his world coming into focus revealed an unfamiliar ceiling brightly
illuminated by a single circular fluorescent light. Turning over, he winced from the ache
shooting from his back, and brought his hand to the source.
Deep, heavy breaths fought down the reverberating pain, and the Okonomiyaki chef's vision
focused enough for him to see that he was topless save for the bandages that tightly bound his
chest.
He looked up again and found Kamaitachi leaning beside the only doorway out of the room
that contained only the two of them, the bed, and a window to Ucchan's right with venetian
blinds drawn closed. It was impossible to tell what time of day it was, let alone how long he'd
been here in this bed—but Ucchan wasn't too concerned with that.
A few hours or a hundred days, it mattered little. He was furious that he was here at all, at the
mercy of the people who'd humiliated him twice, now.
Kamaitachi met this okonomiyaki chef's seething scorn with indifference, as he spoke. "May
I ask you something?"
"I think we're past the part where my consent matters for much."
Looking at the bandages, Kamaitachi shrugged his shoulders. "It was either do something, or
let you bleed out on the floor of the bar. I'm not a monster."
"I'd much rather be dead than in your care, pervert," Ucchan snapped back.
Kamaitachi let out a sharp tch. "Don't flatter yourself."
"I'd rather flatten you."
Kamaitachi huffed through his nose, a self-aggrandizing little sound of superiority, and
matched it with a smirk. "You're on the mend, good."
But he was acting appropriately, Ucchan acutely aware of how his body shifted to an alert,
tense posture. "Well, what were you so curious about, then?"
Kamaitachi asked. "When did you realize that your life would be better as a man?"
Ucchan's brow furrowed, his head tilting to give his interrogator a more sidelong look. "The
hell kinda question is that?"
"I'd say an important one—the dressing, the speech, even your body language… you're
committed to being a man above anything else. So, when?"
Ucchan's gaze furtively slipped towards the window then back to Kamaitachi. "Do I get out
of here if I satisfy your curiosity?"
Kamaitachi shrugged his shoulders, not committed to answer either way.
It was a non-answer that didn't matter. "When I was a little kid, I threw away my femininity,
because everyone and their side-talking mothers decided I was unfit to be a woman."
Kamaitachi drew back, in a mix of confusion and disgust, before he looked down his nose at
Ucchan. "Really? How old were you?"
"I was little," Ucchan replied with a sharpened edge.
"And that's just how it's been? No one's thought different of you as you threw being a girl
aside?"
Ucchan's shoulders lifted for a tense instant, then dropped. "It's actually been easier to live as
a guy. Never had to deal much with perverts trying to chat me up like I see them go after girls
all the time. Well… almost…"
In the Furinkan neighborhood, a post-office box sneezed. It startled a passing Dr. Tofu so
much that he put the whole length of the quarterstaff he carried with him for his nightly
rounds between himself and the mailbox to cautiously poke it.
Ucchan rocked his head from side to side and rolled his shoulders slowly while he spoke.
"Since everyone was already making fun of me for being a failure of a girl, it wasn't a
problem for them to accept me when I gave up on it. Though the ribbing did start up again
when I got into an All-Boys schools. Funny, that kinda mess stopped when I wasn't around
girls anymore."
Kamaitachi extended kind words of commiseration. "Girls can be bullshit like that."
Ucchan rebuked his broad stroke; there would be no common ground.
"The girls I used to know, at least. After I dropped out and started working in the real world,
where there ain't a bunch of idiots who liked to talk shit about you because they know you…
I found that people generally default to not bein' assholes."
Ucchan held his open palm towards him, for emphasis. "Yannow, unlike you weirdos. Turns
out, that the only people I got problems with, are fuckheads who do whatever they like and
don't give a rat's ass about how that hurts other people's feelings."
"No kidding?" Kamaitachi asked.
"And it really pisses me off, when they think they can act all buddy-buddy after they've
robbed and nearly killed me."
Kamaitachi shrugged his shoulders once more. "If it's an apology you want, I'm man enough
to admit–"
"We're way past the point of apology, sugar," Ucchan growled. "You started this fight and I
have every intention of endin' it."
The burst of intent to harm swapped out Kamaitachi's mood quickly. His casual openness
evaporated into a frustrated glower like it was always there.
"I really had hoped you getting cut open would sober you up a bit, help you realize that
maybe you're on the wrong side of this fight."
Ucchan sneered. "I ain't a wuss that rolls over. Not fer you, not fer anyone!"
He pointed an accusing finger at Kamaitachi. "You and all those other weirdos you hang out
with are trash! Dressing up like perverts and prancing around! Acting like yer all hot shit
because you get the jump on people and they're too embarrassed to even touch you!"
Kamaitachi's face darkened with his irritation, and Ucchan welcomed it.
"And what, you wanna be taken seriously?! Feared?! The only reason I'm this pissed off is
because I lost to you clowns, and I can't forgive myself for that!"
Stiff silence followed, dragging on from a second to moments, before Kamaitachi pulled a
cigarette from a pack in the pocket of his leather vest, and lit it with an old butane lighter. The
wheel grinding to spark the flame and the clicking of the stainless-steel lid to extinguish it
were the only sounds in the room besides Ucchan's seething breath.
The reddish orange glow left at the end of the cigarette brightened to yellow and crawled up
the white stalk, as Kamaitachi took a long drag. His eyes were half-lidded from the much-
needed hit of nicotine, but still beaming his contempt, as he replied.
"You talk some good shit, for someone literally at my mercy."
"Why wouldn't I?" Ucchan retorted, with malice aforethought. "I'm more of a man than you
are."
The chef saw how deep those words struck, cutting clean through the airs Kamaitachi was
putting on, to hit the insecurity beneath.
Good.
"Aw, hun, did that hurt your feelings? I'll be the bigger man and apologize."
With a crash and a thud, Ucchan was pinned to the bed by a hand at his throat. Straddled over
him, Kamaitachi held aloft the sickle in his trembling other hand as smoke from the abruptly
forgotten cigarette rolled from his mouth with his angry pants.
"You don't understand anything, you're just another bitch…!" He snarled.
Ucchan met his fury in kind, screaming in spite of the grip around his neck. "Do it, pussy!"
Right between the eyes, Kamaitachi decided. That was where he'd break the blade of this
sickle off in the defiant young man's skull.
The room's sole door was thrown open.
"KAMAITACHI!"
Madame Kamenbell's voice thundered, and his right hand fled without a word of protest,
abandoning his weapon to land beside Ucchan.
The leader of the Sickle Gang stood in the open doorway; a hand drawn to his mouth in
horror at the scene he found. "You had told me that this young man could see reason and be
brought to understand our cause!"
Kamaitachi bowed his head and spoke with desperate remorse. "I tried, Madame Kamenbell,
but I was wrong. This one is just an idiot."
Ucchan erupted into a caustic laugh. "I'd rather be an idiot, then accept whatever you weirdos
believe in."
Madame Kamenbell, in spite of his harsh words, reached out to him with a plea. "How can
you say that, when the life you live is what we fight for?"
The glee Ucchan enjoyed cajoling Kamaitachi to strike vanished and only his venom
remained. "You don't know me or my life!"
"You said it yourself!" Madame Kamenbell accused. "Society deemed you unfit to be a
woman… but when you chose to live as a man, you found freedom."
Madame Kamenbell stepped forward, arms raised and open as he appealed to him. "That
freedom is what all men aspire to achieve. The freedom that we fight for."
Ucchan narrowed his eyes at the older man.
"Like I told this pervert," she said while indicating Kamaitachi with a nod, "Ain't nothing you
can say that changes that I think y'all are a bunch of cheap-shotting wierdos without an ounce
of decency. The fact that you wanna compare yourselves to me is disgusting!"
Kamaitachi, still cowed by Madam Kamenbell's rebuke, flinched and kept his head down.
The Madame himself grew grim, his eyes narrowing behind his mask as his lips curved into a
deep frown.
"So much fire, so much beauty… can you not see what you inspire, as a man?"
Ucchan's eyes burned the position of Kamenbell, Kamaitachi, and the room's unguarded
window into his memory as he answered.
"I don't think any of us can see much of anything."
With all of his might, Ucchan threw Kamaitachi's sickle into the light fixture, shattering it
with a loud pop.
"Kamaitachi!" Madame Kamenbell yelped as the room plunged into pitch darkness.
"Damn it, don't let him–!"
It was too late to stop Ucchan. A loud crash and splintering filled the room as he blindly dove
through and out the window and into the night air beyond it.
High above the streets of Taian, Ucchan gawked with wide eyes as he realized he was over a
dozen stories off the ground, tumbling from the broken windows of a highrise apartment over
the glitzy neighborhood's empty but well-lit streets.
Catching himself as the air rushed past his ears, he tumbled forward to kick off the side of a
smaller building across the street, redirecting himself to fall towards another building next
door to the high-rise apartment he'd escaped. Turning himself to land foot-first against it, he
kicked off and hit the street below with a dramatic roll.
Without stopping he leaped to his feet and kept running down the wide-open street towards
the intersection at the end of the block—almost a hundred meters away from where he
landed. A testament to the late hour, there were no pedestrians to be seen, and only a single
vehicle on the road—an unmarked gray commercial van waiting at the light to turn right onto
the adjacent street.
A loud metallic crunch and the crystalline crackle of a great deal of glass breaking all at once
compelled Ucchan to look back mid-jog.
Madame Kamenbell had fallen from the apartment straight down and landed on a
ridiculously large SUV out of place in Japan, let alone the even smaller SAD. Ice formed in
Ucchan's veins when the crossdressing man stood from his crouch on the vehicle's crushed
roof—wielding in his right hand the massive, ornate scythe that cut the chef down in their
first meeting.
Ucchan's run petered to a stop just past the intersection's crosswalk, halfway to dead center of
the crossroad. Opposite him, the van began to turn, but stopped in front of the freshly escaped
cook.
His escape plan had gotten him this far, but as he stared at Madam Kamenbell and that
wicked blade gleaming in the night ambience, he realized that he didn't have a plan past
escape. "… Shit."
Madame Kamenbell stood there, staring at him. Then, much faster than Ucchan could prepare
to move, the scythe-wielder was upon him, well within striking distance—the weapon raised
high to deliver a far deadlier blow than what crippled him before.
The speed he'd been attacked with at Ikemen Teitoku had confused Ucchan before pain
overwhelmed him.
Witnessing how fast Madame Kamenbell moved—closing the distance the chef thought he'd
created between them in the space of a breath—turned the ice forming in his veins into a
freeze encasing his heart with terror.
So overwhelmed with panic, his body locked in place, Ucchan didn't realize the scythe blade
curving towards his sternum in a downward diagonal course had stopped, the weapon's outer
edge centimeters from his right shoulder.
Madame Kamenbell wasn't even looking at him anymore. Something behind him had
captured the old man's attention.
The clack of a wooden cane fractured and loosened the icy fear holding him in place, enough
so he could turn his head towards the yet-seen potential threat whose presence compelled him
to.
It was Anya, standing just outside the sliding door of the van. Inside the vehicle, several men
in dark clothes and balaclavas glared menacingly at Madame Kamenbell but made no other
threatening movements or gestures from where they sat.
The old woman, holding a smoldering cigar in her left hand, spared Ucchan only the briefest
contemptuous glance—the lights from the streetlamps and traffic lights above striking the
woman's right eye to make it shine with a distinctly inhuman, pale, glassy glow. Then he was
discarded from her notice, all her attention turned to the scythe-wielder.
Ucchan's terror became a primal fear, as Madame Kamenbell's murderous intent was matched
by Anya. The clashing presences overwhelmed the wounded young man's weak constitution
—robbing him of thought and breath.
The world fell away as he understood his place in it. He was, without warning, on the outside
looking in, trapped between two forces that could very well kill him without thinking as they
struck at each other, with nothing but deafening silence once more drowning out every sound
except the wild pumping of Ucchan's racing pulse.
Then without a word, the tight-lipped Madame Kamenbell pulled his scythe back and rested
its spear tip end on the street. He turned away, casting a dark look at Anya before he vanished
as quickly as he had moved before.
Just like that, the murderous pressure vanished and Ucchan collapsed onto his knees. Head
bowed, hands flat on the street, between body-shaking coughs, he breathed like if he didn't
keep pulling in air, his organs would spill from his mouth.
He was alive.
But he felt like he'd just died twice.
Slowly, he looked up at Anya, mumbling. "You… you… saved me."
The woman, still paying no direct attention to him, leaned onto her cane with her elbow,
while her freed up right hand deftly finished typing and sending a message. "Do not yet count
yourself so fortunate."
Ucchan couldn't understand. "… What–?"
The clap of footsteps filled the air above, and before he could realize what was coming…
Daikoku Kaori landed with a sharp tap right beside him.
He turned his head to look at her, and the mask of fury on Kaori's face. After what he just
went through, when his gaze shifted to the trembling fist raised above her head to strike him,
he only saw salvation.
"YOU IDIOT!"
Her blow came down. With a thud and a flash, Ucchan welcomed unconsciousness.
Chapter End Notes
Volume Seven, "The Wrecking Crew", starts now and updates every Sunday/Monday
until the completion of the Volume.
Chapter 34: Conscription
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Over the next several days, a stillness began settling over Nerima.
While Taian remained the lively center of the Special Administration District's emerging
culture, day began to resemble night in the other neighborhoods that comprised of Nerima,
with the streets empty for the most part except when residents traversed the town to get to
school or work.
On the edge of the Shakuji River, with the day late, four of the Shining Killers sat on a bench
with their backs to the river's bordering fence. Kodaira, the gang's blonde-haired, fearsome
looking leader. Matsunaga his dark-haired bespectacled right hand. Fukiage, tall and lean like
a snake ready to strike, a wild-colored bandanna over his dark hair. And finally, Nakamura,
the smallest member of the gang with a deceptively cute face.
All four were still bandaged up from their brawl with Akane Tendo and her mountain of a
friend Katie Izland, a defeat that left them nearly broken and their pride in just as much ruin.
Since that day, the boys stayed far away from Furinkan High School and its students.
The girls, at least. Even now they were throwing pebbles at the zombie-like boys trudging by
them near the neighborhoods between Nerima and Butsumetsu—stragglers that the girls'
efforts to round them up had missed.
"You hear about what happened over at Furinkan?" Fukiage asked as he whipped a pebble at
the procession of six boys mindlessly passing them.
Kodaira looked over at Fukiage. "No, what went down?"
"Some weirdos attacked the school, and even got one over on those muscle bitches—but
Mendō freaking Shūtaro showed up and scared them off."
Turning to look at Fukiage in surprise, he glanced down at Matsunaga. "And when were you
going to tell me this?"
"Mmm." Matsunaga was short on words, because his mouth was wired shut after the blow
he'd taken from Nakamura during that fight.
Picking up his own pebble, he threw it at the shortest of his erstwhile classmates, the pebble
blinking off the student who muttered "I'm sorry" in response.
Nakamura looked away from Matsunaga, muttering. "How long are you gonna be mad?"
Picking up his own rock, Kodaira mused on that. "Huh. So, the bitches got humbled and
Mendō's in charge, huh?"
"Him or Tatewaki's sister," Fukiage replied.
The leader of the Shining Killers picked up a slightly larger rock and weighed it in his hand.
"What the hell is Mendō doing at Furinkan?"
"I heard that crazy shit that went down in Tomobiki was the last straw and he got thrown
out," Fukiage replied.
Matsunaga nodded and let out another hum before he spoke through the wire. "Pretty much;
I've asked around but all people are talking about now are those weirdos."
Zeroing in on the last of the zombie-like boys in the trundling mob, Kodaira took aim. "The
weirdos who attacked Furinkan?"
"Yeah." Matsunaga and Fukiage replied in unison.
Kodaira threw the rock. "I wonder what they're all about?"
That could wait, because the student he threw the rock at flinched and ducked under the
projectile.
Like dogs that just saw a squirrel enter their yard, the four Shining Killers were immediately
locked in, staring at the flinched young man with all their attention. He looked like the other
broken guys who'd come from Furinkan—heck he was even more gaunt and sallow looking
than the actual zombies despite showing more awareness than any of them in the last week
and some change.
"… S-sorry?" The boy said, sounding more terrified than detached.
In a flash, all four delinquents surrounded the boy, who shrank even smaller than he tried
before. Kodaira was all smiles as he loomed over him. "Kukuku… what have we here…
someone pretending to be dead?"
The boy immediately put on a better attempt at being listless, to try throwing off suspicion.
"Sorry…"
Kodaira smirked. "Oh, then I guess you won't mind if we throw you into the river.
The boy flinched and backed up from them against the wall of the building behind him.
"Wait, please don't!"
"Look at that," Fukiage said. "This dweeb's alive and kicking."
"Interesting," Matsunaga said. "I've never seen him before, either. He must be a first year."
"What's your name, dead man?" Kodaira said.
The pale boy stammered. "G-Gosunkugi Hikaru… please I'm just trying to get home."
An idea formed in his head, Kodaira draped an arm over the boy's shoulder. "Well, Hikaru-
kun, you're in luck! Things have gotten really weird around here lately—it's not even safe to
be a guy out at night anymore."
Gosunkugi could not possibly agree more. "Yeah, I normally have a bigger herd to travel
with…"
Kodaira nodded. "Yeah, a lot less of the zombos shuffling around lately. Which leads me to
wonder—why walk with a herd, when you can run with a pack?"
Gosunkugi needed a second. "E-excuse me?"
"Yeah, you have yourself a talent there, to go on unnoticed like you do." He gestured to
Nakamura. "Nakamura here could learn a thing or two from you."
"Come on it was the one time! That girl has like the Byakugan or somethin'!"
"Once was enough," Matsunaga replied.
Gosunkugi laughed nervously "Well… I'm not trying to be unnoticed, in fact… I wish I'd be
noticed more."
"Well, you're in luck. Me and the boys here are looking for a new fifth killer," Kodaira said as
Nakamura handed him a smart phone Gosunkugi realized was his.
"Um… that's my phone…!" Gosunkugi began.
Kodaira cut him off. "And you might just have what it takes to join!"
Gosunkugi stopped. "I do?"
"Yeah, look at you! Meek, unassuming, and nobody notices ya!" Kodaira explained.
"I'm struggling to remember he's even here," Matsunaga noted as Nakamura began going
through Gosunkugi's phone to see what kind of creepy stuff someone so furtive could get up
to.
Kodaira patted Gosunkugi's shoulders. "You see, the boys and I are in a bind. We're trying to
get back into school, and those girls won't let us. So how about you do us a solid and use the
fact that they dismiss you as a person at all to get us some dirt on them?"
"D-Dirt?"
"You know, weaknesses! Things they like, things they don't want people to know, maybe
what they're afraid of, that kinda thing."
Fukiage leaned in from Gosunkugi's other side. "Spy on them, so we can take 'em down."
Turning his head back and forth to look between Kodaira and Fukiage, Gosunkugi felt their
threatening presence press on him. "You want me to show you a way to defeat… A-
Akane…?"
He looked down, paler than he already was at the very idea. "… N-no… I won't do that."
Kodaira, Fukiage, and Matsunaga all leaned in closer on Gosunkugi, while Nakamura
remained focused on his phone. "You won't?" Kodaira asked.
"I won't," Gosunkugi replied. "I'm… I'm like every other boy… I love Akane, but… I'm no
one, less than that. So, I'm content to admire her from afar, even if she'll never notice me.
And because of that…"
He looked up at Kodaira. "I won't do anything that may betray or hurt her."
Kodaira sighed. "Oh great, another simp."
"Call me what you want, but I love Akane enough to face any consequence for her."
Nakamura then spoke up. "Yeah, that's sweet and all, but you got like… a hundred creepshots
of Akane in your phone, my guy."
The claustrophobic encirclement around Gosunkugi broke as the three other boys gathered
behind Nakamura to gawk at the screen. Sure enough, the smallest member of the Shining
Killers was swiping through image after candid image of Tendo Akane in class, walking
around the school or on the street, partaking in gym, and practicing martial arts in her back
yard.
Before Gosunkugi could start to slink away, Kodaira reached out and took his shoulder. The
simpering boy froze and looked at him with a nervous smile.
"Umm…? You're not gonna tell her about those, are you?"
"That depends," Kodaira replied with a more malicious smirk. "Would you be happy if Akane
noticed you enough to beat the crap out of you?"
Gosunkugi needed a second to think about it, a second too long—as the Shining Killers all
broke into laughter at once.
"Wow, you really are a garbage human being!" Kodaira said brightly. "Looks like we've
found our new fifth killer, boys."
He suddenly grabbed Gosunkugi by his collar and dragged him close, lifting him off his feet
to bring his heavily perspiring face inches from his. "… And if you want to be in good
standing in the gang, you will do everything we say."
Gosunkugi swallowed hard, trembling, before he heard the pavement crack like something
struck it with great force behind his accosters.
Dropping him, Kodaira and the other Shining Killers quickly turned, and all five boys found
Kamaitachi crouched in the middle of the river-side street with one hand resting on the center
of the spiderweb of cracks his landing created, and the other gripping a sickle he tapped
against his shoulder.
"Oi," Kamitachi called out to Kodaira. "Are you guys with Butsumetsu?"
Kodaira forgot all about Gosunkugi, as he scowled at the leather clad man with the single
violet streak in his hair. "Like hell we're affiliated with those bozos. We're the Shining
Killers, from Furinkan High School! And you must be part of that Sickle Gang."
"Furinkan?" Kamitachi clenched his teeth while he muttered to himself. "Oh well, a man's a
man."
He rose to his full height, then pointed the head of the sickle at Kodaira. "That's right, boys,
and from here on out you're part of it."
"What?!" Kodaira and his fellows said in unison.
"But Shining Killers? We're gonna have to do something about that name. It sounds so ugly."
Fukiage, Nakamura, and Matsunaga all spread out to form a shoulder-to-shoulder line with
Kodaira, all looking a range from insulted to amused.
"Wow, you actually go around dressed like that," Fukiage said. "What are you, gay or
something?"
"He's even got a collar," Nakamura said. "I bet he's a pervert, too."
"If that's the case, no wonder everyone's freaking out," Matsunaga surmised.
Kodaira cracked his neck and popped his knuckles. "Then let's pack up this prick and be on
our way."
He smirked as he began walking towards Kamaitachi. "So, dude, what's your safeword so I
know to ignore it?"
Looking at the sickle, Kamaitachi pitched it into the ground, and assumed a right foot leading
horse stance. "You know, it's a good thing you're going to screw around. I can get a warmup
before I go deal with Sōban."
Kodaira laughed. "Heh, that's a pretty complicated safeword. Care to repeat it so I can
remember?"
Rather than wait for an answer, he and the other three Shining Killers charged Kamaitachi
with every intention of overwhelming and pummeling him into the ground.
As the skirmish erupted, Gosunkugi Hikaru was taking advantage of the situation and
scurrying away from the scene on hands and knees with his head down, hugging the wall to
make the smallest possible target until he reached the corner and ducked around it.
"I can't believe I escaped," he said in relief. "I thought I was a goner for a sec."
He stopped then lowered his head. "They still have my phone, though. And when they're
done with that weird guy, they'll be looking for me."
Gosunkugi knew that he couldn't leave his phone in their hands. If Akane found out about
those pictures, she'd probably beat him up or worse, never speak to him, one of the few things
he dreamed of.
Hearing a clatter, he stopped and noticed his phone lying on the ground. Surprised, he
scrambled over and grabbed it. "Lucky!"
He turned to face the fight and stopped.
Wielding Nakamura by his left leg, Kamaitachi smashed Kodaira across the right side of his
face. When Nakamaura's limp body bounced off the ground Kamaitachi smashed Kodaira
across the left side. Spinning around, blood dripping from his mouth, Kodaira collapsed and
crumpled to the ground, joining the battered and whimpering Fukiage and Matsunaga.
Holding Nakamura over the three of them, Kamaitachi dropped him onto the heap. "Che…
not even a warmup."
He looked to his right, locking eyes with Gosunkugi, who went perfectly still. Examining the
ghoulish boy's face, Kamaitachi grimaced in disgust.
"And not even worth my time."
A more normal boy would have recoiled in shame and anger, spurned to try and prove the
accusation false. Gosunkugi Hikaru, however, could only feel a profound sense of relief that
he wasn't about to be beaten to a pulp.
With that, Kamaitachi snapped his fingers, and several members of the Sickle Gang showed
up. "Take them back to the hideout and get them processed. They're garbage, but they will
wear a mask nonetheless."
"What about you, Kamaitachi?" One of his minions asked.
Kamaitachi snatched his sickle out of the ground. "I'm going on to Butsumetsu to deal with
Sōban. Catch up when you're done dropping them off."
Gosunkugi backed behind the corner, got up, and crept away with his phone clutched to his
chest. "Thank goodness, maybe I can get home safe before they change their mind." He
looked upwards, happy. "I escaped! And I was able to get my phone back…!"
He looked at the phone and noticed that the screen wouldn't turn on. Turning it over,
Gosunkugi noticed that the back of his phone was dented and split, exposing the broken
circuitry inside.
Staring at it, and realizing that the phone was probably irreparably ruined, Gosunkugi hung
his head and dropped his shoulders in misery.
"… Oh…"
@@@@@
The next morning, the spring sun beat down on empty streets, the warm wind kicked up light
clouds of dust from vacant lots and rustled the growing leaves of trees fanning out to enjoy
the lengthening days. Where there would be students walking to school, hanging out by the
gates, or delinquents squatting out of the sight of watchful teachers there was only quiet
except for the starting bells of the SAD's schools.
At Tomobiki High School, Miyake Shinobu looked out the window of classroom 3-2, her
new temporary homeroom with the repairs being necessary for room 3-4. A few late-
blooming cherry blossom petals danced through the air past the window, the symbol of new
beginnings and brighter days now just adding to the dissonant atmosphere.
Yes, it was a beautiful day, and peaceful to boot, but that peace appeared to have come at the
cost of nearly every boy at Tomobiki.
There were still a few male students. Notably Ataru's friends Kōsuke and Hokuto—as well as
3-2's Class Representative Nanto. But every other boy from both classes combined was
absent. If Mendō were still attending, he'd consider it the closest to heaven he could get.
If anyone who did not know the scion of the Mendō clan needed proof to back this
accusation, they need only to look at the smile Moroboshi Ataru wore as he walked into
class, marking only the fourth other boy to show up.
"Shinobu-chan! Mind if I sit next to you?" He asked brightly as he moved to an empty desk
to her left.
Nanto, lounging in his seat at the front of the class, looked over. "Sit where you were
assigned, Moroboshi."
Ataru casually brushed him off but complied anyway. "It's not like anyone's going to be
sitting there today."
Going to his assigned seat, a row behind Shinobu and three spots over on Kōsuke's left and in
front of Hokuto, Ataru drew the attention of his friends.
"What do you know?" Hokuto asked.
Kōsuke likewise pressed for answers. "Is this some of Ten's nonsense?"
Ataru shrugged his shoulders. "Probably not. If Ten was up to something, would I be here?"
Kōsuke and Hokuto shared a look, before they wordlessly conceded to Ataru's point.
"Exactly, I'd be the first guy gone." Ataru took a seat. "It's not like it's a big deal for us,
anyway. More babes for me to enjoy."
He was rewarded for his cavalier remarks with dark looks from the other girls in class. Some
girls hissed quietly about Ataru being so pleased. Others' faces contorted in disgust,
particularly those who no longer had the benefit of a boy to break Ataru's line of sight.
Shinobu just shook her head, because why was anyone surprised by his behavior?
Ataru took the hard expressions in full stride. "Oh, don't act all offended. If it were you girls
and Mendō, or even just Blondie here…"
He indicated Nanto. "… You'd be making sure there was extra 'service.' With a smile."
Nanto turned around in his chair and brushed some of those long, blonde locks from his face.
"Full disclosure, Moroboshi, I'm a fan of that idea."
"You would be," Hokuto sniped.
"But it'd work for us, because we're not you."
Ataru nodded. "And has that really worked out?"
On the life of his girlfriend, Hokuto could not resist. "I'd say it hasn't."
Nanto's subsequent glare hit Hokuto more than Moroboshi as the latter offered and
successfully exchanged a low five with the former.
Shinobu finally spoke up, "It is strange, though, Ataru. I think something's going on, and I'm
worried about the boys."
In clearly an effort to curry favor, Ataru's tone shifted hard to address his ex-girlfriend.
"Shinobu-chan, your empathy and compassion for others is second to none."
"Then we should find out what's going on," Shinobu suggested while knowing full well her
ex-boyfriend's actual thoughts on the idea.
Kōsuke voiced those very thoughts, saving him the trouble. "Do we have to? I mean, yeah,
the boys all disappearing is weird, but on the bright side, Megane and his dumbass friends
aren't here."
Nanto, loath as he was to, agreed. "Lum's Simptroopers can truly rot wherever they are. Even
if it costs us the rest of the guys."
Being the second most moral person in the room at the moment, Hokuto chimed in to assuage
Shinobu's worries. "We could stand to ask around–"
But being diplomatic to his opposing bros, he added.
"And we can leave the Stormtroopers hanging if we happen to find any sign of them."
Ataru folded his arms and nodded in agreement with his abnormally large classmate's insight.
"Well… I wish we knew where to begin to look."
The door opened and Ryūnosuke walked in, followed by Lum floating just behind her.
Despite her darling dark blue uniform, Ryūnosuke's masculine habits were difficult to shake
as she walked with her hands folded behind her head to her desk.
"For the last time, Lum, I don't know what kind of plants my Mom and Dad are growin'. Why
do you care so much?"
"Well, you won't let me look for myself, Ryū-cha!"
"Because I don't want you botherin' them!" She stopped at her desk and faced the Oni girl. "If
you want to know, ask 'em yourself. But. Just. ASK."
Lum turned her nose up at Ryūnosuke before she called out to Ataru. "Darling, help me out."
"Sorry, my hands are full dealing with one mystery already," Ataru quickly said before
addressing Ryūnosuke. "Ryū-chan, seeing you be the best girl you can be is why I get out of
bed every morning."
Ryūnosuke's eyes rolled with great melodramatic flair. "Oh stop, you say that to every girl—
that has ever existed."
"Not every girl."
Lum was seething at Ataru, when Shinobu grabbed the helm and heroically steered the
conversation out of the trough. "Ryūnosuke-chan, have you seen any guys on your way
here?"
Ryūnosuke shook her head as the ploy succeeded and Lum turned her attention from Ataru to
whatever Shinobu could be worried about. "The only guy me and Pop saw on our way was
this weird Furinkan kid who looked like a zombie, but seemed pretty lively. He could even
say more than a few words, and half of 'em weren't apologies."
Ryūnosuke paused when she finally noticed that there were no other boys in the room. "Wait,
where are all the guys–?"
She stopped more abruptly, and her eyes widened. "… Oh no."
Her startled realization spread concern among her peers.
"What is it?" Shinobu asked.
Hokuto narrowed his eyes, Nanto mirroring his expression going unnoticed as all eyes fell on
Ryūnosuke.
"Don't tell me it's those perverts…" She said aloud.
Ataru and Kōsuke, especially out of the loop, tilted their heads. "Perverts?"
Lum was alarmed at the notion of perverts. "What kind of perverts?!"
"There's this gang of leather-wearing guys running around beating up dudes and being hella
weird."
Shinobu recoiled in horror, as lurid and revolting implications absolutely did not dance in her
head. "L-leather?"
"How odd…" Lum murmured.
"You have no idea; they go around acting like Hard Gay!" Ryūnosuke snapped back.
A silence longer and more uncomfortable than most fell. Nanto blanched, Hokuto sharply
inhaled, and Ataru began blinking rapidly, wondering if his ears worked. Kōsuke needed
another moment, before his mouth slowly opened in a mute, terrified scream.
Shinobu finally broke the soundless din. "So, they're not interested in harassing girls, then?"
"Nah, they don't even like women." Ryūnosuke confirmed with no small bitterness in her
tone.
Shinobu, and the other girls in the classroom, sighed in relief.
Ataru sprang to his feet. "HEY! DON'T ACT ALL NONCHALANT ABOUT MEN BEING
SNATCHED OFF THE STREET BY PERVERTS!"
Hokuto wished Kōsuke had been the one to say it, because all Ataru's protest warranted were
very exasperated looks from the many weary objects of Ataru's relentless advances. Thank
the heavens that Ryūnosuke Sherman had her wits about her—and a score to settle. "Ataru is
the last person to talk, but he ain't wrong!"
Exactly as Ataru had noted during the Lunch War, the girls all snapped out of their blasé
indifference to their male peers' plight when someone they actually respected drove the point
home.
Nanto spoke up next, reinforcing the very same.
"Man or woman, no one should be accosted untowardly," he said while pointedly side-eyeing
Ataru, "Much less harassed, assaulted, or taken by force."
Kōsuke was trembling with his head down. "P-please don't say it like that!"
"Darling," Lum asked Ataru. "Are the boys at school in that much danger?"
Ataru turned to her. "Danger doesn't even start to describe it, Lum. I wouldn't even wish this
on Megane! Or Mendō! Or Cherry!"
Lum pulled back from Ataru, stunned. "Even Cherry?!"
"Ah, so you do care," a tiny, elderly voice said behind him. Ataru spun around and found
himself face to hideous face with the small old monk, Sakura's uncle.
"Damn it, they didn't actually take you!" Ataru lamented aloud.
Cherry closed his eyes and nodded. "Not for lack of trying. The strange fiends did come for
me, but they were no match for my spiritual power."
The entire classroom was of the same, correct, thought.
They didn't bother with him because he's so unpleasant.
"What are you even doing here?" Ataru demanded.
Cherry cleared his throat. "I came here to alert my niece of the trouble I almost found myself
in but overheard you speaking of this very same threat. So, I came to hear your account."
He pointed at Ryūnosuke. "You, there…!"
He stopped and stared at her.
"I'm sorry, have we met, young lady?"
Everyone could see the giddiness well up in Ryūnosuke at being addressed as a young lady,
but rather than fall into a spiral of flattery, she kept the conversation on course with Shinobu-
esque determination. "You wanna know what happened, right?"
She turned to Lum and Shinobu. "You know how I lost a big fight before I met my real Dad?"
This was the first time Ataru heard about this. "Wait, you lost a fight?! To who?!"
The other girls in class were likewise stunned by Ryūnosuke's revelation. The strongest and
coolest girl they knew had lost a fight, that wasn't something that was possible in their gilded
image of her.
"To this guy named Kamaitachi, he's the leader of these guys," Ryūnosuke replied.
Ataru recalled the night he met with her outside of the school. "So that night, when you were
in a bad mood…"
"Yes, I was banged up after getting my butt kicked—twice. First by that idiot's flunkies, then
by the idiot himself when I tried to get my get-back."
Shinobu was surprised that Ryūnosuke would be so candid about losing a fight like that.
Stubbornness was a common trait among the students of Tomobiki, especially when it came
to anything that hit their pride—so for her to be able to accept a loss and tell everyone about
it…
Lum moved to Ryūnosuke, concerned. "You're going to get him back for it, aren't you?"
Ryūnosuke nodded. "Of course I am, and this time I know I'll win."
The thought of anyone beating up Ryūnosuke, especially a guy, made Ataru's blood boil. He
bowed his head, his fists clenching as even the staunch pacifist he prided himself as struggled
to hold back his wrath.
"It all makes sense," he said, "They not only attacked you, but they did it because they
mistook you for a man!"
Ryūnosuke grimaced a little bit. "That's about right. And when I corrected that jackass, he
was even less pleasant. They don't just dislike women—they outright treat 'em like shit."
He raised his head, his eyes ablaze with righteous indignation. "It's one thing to be perverted
towards guys—but to hate women?! I am a man of peace, but even I can't stand idly by if
there's jerks out there waging war against babes!"
Hokuto agreed. "Nor can I."
Nanto was also onboard. "These are enemies of women and men—of all mankind. We should
do something."
Nick stepped into the room, amused by this galvanizing of will. "Hey class, I've been
listening in to this point, and I'm gonna have to put the kibosh on you all going out to fight
these guys."
Ryūnosuke turned to Nick, tense. "Look, I know you said I had to let it go, but…!"
Nick held up a hand. "Nah, yer good. In fact, I got plans for you after school."
As his newest daughter relaxed with his reassurance, he addressed the others. "It's the rest of
y'all I don't need near all-a this."
He looked directly at Lum. "In particular, you."
Those dark green eyes swept to Hokuto, making sure Nanto was caught in his line of sight as
well. "And, if I recall correctly, your family is mighty stingy about you gettin' into fights, Ho-
ku-to."
Hokuto grumbled and conceded to Nick's advice. "Hmph… if you say so, sensei."
Nanto likewise just shrugged his shoulders and surrendered. "Honestly, after the lunch war,
I'm fine sitting out anything close to a wild melee."
Turning to Nick, Ataru protested. "This is a matter of dignity!"
"And it's a matter that will be resolved. Y'all should be countin' your blessins that not a one of
you has been pulled into this mess. Regardless of how committed you may be to jump in…"
Nick regarded them all with a grim look.
"… Don't."
Rather than protest further, Ataru folded his arms and turned away. "Fine, whatever you say,
teach."
Shinobu, Ryūnosuke, Lum, Hokuto, and even Nanto knew right then and there that Ataru was
still going to do something.
Kōsuke was still in the middle of an episode.
Nick knew it, too. "Good. Now, how about we sit down and get started with class, kiddos?"
As the combined class got back to their seats, Cherry walked over to Nick and looked up at
him. The teacher looked back down at him with his right eyebrow raised up in curiosity.
"… You're the one my niece described," Cherry said.
"And?"
"She has a fiancé, keep your hands to yourself."
Nick pointed at Ataru. "Tell him that."
"We both know he doesn't have a chance."
Lowering his hand, Nick conceded. "Yeah, that's true."
Ataru called out. "Hey!"
@@@@@
The boys who'd been lumbering around, lost in their own self-loathing, were no longer in the
gymnasium where they'd been gathered. Both Katie and Akane hadn't been able to find them
anywhere on the school grounds or in the surrounding neighborhood besides, and their wider
search had only more troubling news.
"… I've been approached by patients and other neighbors concerned that their sons and
husbands haven't been coming home," Dr. Tofu revealed when Akane and Katie met outside
of his clinic.
Katie wore a mask of agitation, her arms folded tightly as she weighed this revelation. "Don't
tell me the Sickle Gang's started roundin' guys up."
Akane shook her head slowly. "This is so surreal…"
Dr. Tofu was grim about the prospect. "It would seem to be the case. Why they would be
rounding them up also troubles me."
Akane already knew. "Oh no… remember what that guy we stomped said?"
With a grimace, Katie understood. "Shoot, you're right."
She turned to the doctor. "They're recruiting them. Forcing them into the gang for their big
play on the SAD."
Dr. Tofu, concerned, shook his head. "That's my biggest fear. At the rate things are going,
we're going to have to make an appeal to one of the families."
"The so-called Great Houses, huh?" Katie could feel the weight of Dr. Tofu's lament. "Well,
at the very least we've got a line to 'em."
Making an even unhappier face, Akane wanted to protest the very idea. Luckily for her, Dr.
Tofu was much more open about his feelings on the subject.
"Even with Mendō-san in Kodachi-kun's pocket, bothering any of the heads of the 'Great
Houses' for a matter that does not directly concern them is a waste of time at best, and a deal
with the devil at worst."
Akane chimed in. "Then forget those jerks completely. We can handle it with what we've
got."
Katie, taking what was said into account, parsed the words with razor wit. "More about
making sure they don't get in the way than helping out, huh?"
"Exactly!" Akane boldly retorted. "We've already seen what happens when the Mendō family
wants to mess around. Letting that ponce get anywhere near what we're dealing with means
more tanks in the streets and jerks shooting people with pepper guns!"
Dr. Tofu was glad to hear such vehemence from Akane. "And asking the Mizunokoji for aid
is like wanting a dentist to treat a heart attack."
He smiled at the two. "As you're both out of school for the next several days, and you've
more than shown yourselves capable, can I ask you to join me on neighborhood watch
patrols?"
Katie expected it and loved the eagerness of Akane's reply. "Of course!"
"It'll give us the chance to actively find where the Sickos are actually hidin'," Katie herself
replied.
Dr. Tofu was grateful. "You have no idea how much this means to me, thank you. When you
do find their hideout, let me know. I'll gladly lend a hand."
"You don't have to do that, doctor," Akane assured him.
"Nonsense," Dr. Tofu said. "It's the very least that I can do."
The ground rumbled then, and the dull roar of heavy vehicles moving on pavement brought
Akane, Dr. Tofu, and Katie's attention to a convoy of construction vehicles and lorries
carrying supplies rumbling down the road past them with Furinkan as their final destination.
There was little question to the girls about what was happening, when they spotted the crest
of the Mendō Family emblazoned on every vehicle, but it took Dr. Tofu by surprise.
"What on Earth…?" He looked at Katie and Akane. The latter had the sour look that he'd
come to associate with her reaction to the young man and his whole family.
The former explained it. "Don't mind this, it's just someone makin' Mendō useful."
Dr. Tofu let out an "Ehh?" in surprise, as a larger 6x6 truck looking more suited for off-road
expeditions or urban warfare drove past.
Inside the vehicle's rear was a lavish interior with expensive furniture, marble floors, and an
expensive surveillance suite beaming hologram screens on the walls and in the air in front of
the vehicle's main occupant—Mendō Shūtaro.
He sat on a couch—a sleek black like most everything else in the room to go with the darker
fashion of his struggle arc—at the very back of the mobile command module, his hands
folded over the sword he carried with him. His uncovered eye was shut, and his jaw set as
tension gripped his body.
"The Sickle Gang…"
Just thinking about them bathed him in a cold sweat. That there was a gang of brigands who
preyed upon men in the same way most scum targeted women shook him to his core. Though
he had resigned himself to handle the matter of rebuilding Furinkan High School in lieu of
pursuing them, the fact that they were still out there could not be ignored. Nor could the fact
that young men were disappearing from the streets of the SAD at an alarming rate every
night.
Not for the fact that they were being snatched up, of course. Fewer men on the street meant a
greater ratio of women for him, after all.
"No one is safe," he muttered, "Not even me."
This was unacceptable. It would be a pleasant day in naraka before he would be menaced by
these guys.
"Measures must be taken, to protect myself, but more importantly…" He looked upward. "I
must show to Kodachi-sama and to Nabiki-san that I am not some mere lout like Moroboshi.
They shall see what a true scion is capable of, and with that Furinkan shall truly be paradise."
The thought crossed his mind to also win over those two other more powerful young women,
and he let out a hum. "Not everyone will be onboard with my unilateral decision, so I must
make it count well."
Determination burned in his eyes, as his resolve brought him to a decision.
"Yes, I will make sure that this entire neighborhood is cleaned up. Of all its filth."
Chapter End Notes
Oh hey, Gosunkugi!
Chapter 35: Renovation
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"So, what's up?"
It was after school, and Ryūnosuke stood in the firm dry-packed earth yard of the Sherman
family compound, wearing well-worn slippers, athletic shorts, and a well-worn orange tee
advertising a brand of milk tea not seen since the wall went up.
"Well, I said we were going to work on improving your skills, and ain't no time better than
the present," Nick replied. He stood to her left, dressed in some sweatpants but rockin' a
white dress shirt with a few buttons undone, looking like a random sensei from a Yakuza
themed game. "So, you're going to show me what you know."
"A little exhibition, huh?" Ryūnosuke didn't look at him, but Nick could tell her gaze had
sharpened at the prospect.
"That's right. And once I see where you're at exactly, we can decide where you're going to
go," Nick said it as though he was going to whip out the Dragon Balls and wish for her to be
a Saiyan as soon as they were done.
"Really?" As such, she did not sound convinced in the slightest.
"Now, I understand you're all skeptic about it, because you already know how to kick,
punch," Nick continued, "But it's all in the mind. Anyone can throw a few punches, take
somebody down to the ground, and start stompin', but them's the basics—the tools of the
trade."
Unpleasant memories of her sperm donor trying to teach her how to fight against the ocean
flitted behind her eyes. Yet another stratagem to suppress her femininity over the years and
wasted effort as far as making her a better fighter at all was concerned.
"Like any trade, there're details and intricacies that separate the competent and the expert. It's
time for you to move on from what you know, to what you can learn."
The man standing in front of her was the father she had always wanted, and he was
determined to prevent her from being hurt again. A smile crested her face as she turned and
looked at Nick. "Sure, let's do it."
Before she got ready to spar, Nick only smirked a slight bit and held his hand up. "Now hold
on a quick minute; yer not scrapping with me."
He turned his head and called over to the house. "Hey Nicky! Get on out here, I need to
borrow you for a second!"
Ryūnosuke did a double take as Nicole emerged from inside the house and trotted over. She
was dressed in a pair of purple yoga pants and a white t-shirt thrown over a matching sports
top. It was about this time of day she would be practicing her yoga, Ryūnosuke realized.
"Yeah, Dad?"
Nick gestured from the redhead to Ryūnosuke. "Do me a favor and spar with Ryūnosuke.
Show her what you can do."
With a shrug of her shoulders, Nicole began to roll them and limber up as she turned to face
her new sister. "Sure, sounds better than yoga right now."
Ryūnosuke looked at Nicole, looking sharp and fashionable even in her workout clothes,
before turning to Nick. "This a good idea?"
He waved her concerns off nonchalantly, as Nicole took a loose horse stance from karate-
something recognizable through pop culture osmosis to his charge if nothing else. "Go on and
swing on her a bit. You ain't gonna land a hit, but it will tell me what I need to know and
what you could learn."
Ryūnosuke refocused her attention on Nicole. "I'm pretty sure I can land a hit."
Nicole smiled. "I bet five hundred yen you won't."
Letting out a small laugh, Ryūnosuke got ready. "Make it a thousand."
There wasn't even a microsecond of hesitation as Ryūnosuke rushed to close the distance
between them. For those unaware of this martial arts realm, her speed was truly remarkable.
Her haymaker, however, may as well have been a bus creeping to the bus stop as Nicole
swept her left hand up and parried it away. Ryūnosuke dashed back—the redhead mirroring
her movement to open the distance between them.
Nick leaned in, impressed, as he watched the opening play out. "Excellent step-in!"
Nicole taunted. "What was with that swing, though? I was waiting for like a week!"
Ryūnosuke assessed the fashionista once more and reconsidered her competition. "… All
right, the next one's coming same day!"
She went in again, opening with much tighter and quicker jabs. Nicole reacted with her—
hands raised, and chin tucked, her whole body moving in quick but controlled bursts to dip
and weave beneath the first two rights, then under the left hook Ryūnosuke lashed out to
finish the combo.
When Nicole came up the third time, it was into the path of a spinning back kick Ryūnosuke
salvaged her whiffed hook to build momentum for. The redhead leaned away from the kick,
her green eyes wide as the breeze coming off Ryūnosuke's attack causing her hair to be blown
up and back.
"Oh, I actually felt that one!"
Nick hummed in approval as Ryūnosuke launched into a salvo of quick snap kicks targeting
Nicole's head that the other girl ducked under rather than attempt to block. "And you're
coming with this off the street? I'm liking it so far."
After Nicole ducked under two more head kicks, Ryūnosuke swung her foot up like she was
punting a football, then brought her heel down like the head of an ax that Nicole sidestepped
from. The short-haired girl stayed with her, lashing out with a crescent kick before going in
immediately with a hard and fast cross Nicole knocked away. Her jabs were quicker but
weaker, and Nicole demonstrated all the confidence in the world by parrying them with the
palms and backs of her hands.
"However!" Nicole announced as she ducked back from a diagonal swung kick and broke her
rhythm. "You're too predictable! I can count the seconds between your hits and it's making
me sleepy!"
Despite the harshness of Nicole's rebuke, Ryūnosuke only felt a fire light under her. "Don't
blink!"
She switched to an alternating set of spin kicks, but Nicole weaved in a u-shape beneath the
high right kick, stepped back from and batted down the mid-height left kick, then went down
low underneath the returning right high kick to catch her planted left foot and yank it out
from under her.
Ryūnosuke was quick enough to catch herself as her world went spinning, and she abruptly
launched herself into a midair kick that Nicole only narrowly slipped clear of.
"Outstanding!" Nick cheered as Ryūnosuke stuck the landing.
Nicole hopped from one foot to another, her attention tightening. "All right, that was slick."
"Aren't you glad I warned you?" Ryūnosuke bantered back as the two circled each other.
Nick called over, pumping his fist. "Get in there! I know you got more to give!"
Ryūnosuke's life was so different now.
Before, sparring was a fight for anything she wanted—be it food, clothes, or permission.
Every fight was one filled with a caustic mix of frustration and desperation topped with
anger; her emotions high and her stress at the limit to eke out every bit of strength they could
provide.
Fighting was something done with burning blood and searing fury, with something on the
line; that was how men fought, and men won.
As she struck out at Nicole again, advancing on her with a trio of roundhouse kicks before
going in close with her fisticuffs—Ryūnosuke was realizing why anyone would throw hands
for no reason at all.
This is fun!
Her smile grew as Nicole parried her hooks. Instead of continuing the combo, Ryūnosuke
dropped and tried to sweep her feet, but the agile redhead jumped and somersaulted over her.
Ryūnosuke came up fast, nearly uppercutting Nicole as she landed, and her evasive opponent
stumbled backward, nudged off her footing before she smartly recovered. And I'm getting
closer!
Nick scratched his chin as he watched Ryūnosuke press on, a smile on his own face. There
was no mistaking that she was putting in the effort, but that form was not closing the distance
between her and Nicole.
This was down to the gap in both fighting and life experience, the kind of mistakes people of
a certain level made were always the same. The self-taught street fighter, the genius brawler,
the prodigal murderer—they all came from the same place and fought with the same
hallmarks:
Instinctive, direct, fast, and unsubtle.
To the untrained eye, such a style induced fright, seeming for all the world prescient in how it
moved. For the more discerning observer, however, the brawler was easy to expose.
She's too reactive, focused so much on her own blows in the moment that she's not planning
for the next one—whether it's hers or Nicole's.
At the very least, he could tell she was reactive enough to quickly move from one missed
blow to the next—but it was insufficient to overcome Nicole. With time, a lot of time,
Ryūnosuke could get closer, but that was a luxury she only had now because her opponent
wasn't swinging back.
Still, with a little reinforcement, structure, direction, and enlightenment to the nuances of the
craft… she could be devastating.
His smile turned into a smirk.
She'll even give Katie a hard time.
A crisp snap filled the air, then another, as the form of Ryūnosuke's punches solidified.
Nicole's footwork was quick to compensate, but the margin was narrowing, and both knew it.
"Oh, you almost got me!" Nicole teased as she opened the gap again.
Just a little more! Ryūnosuke thought as she made the full use of her aggressive pursuit and
kept striking at her. "Get my thousand ready!"
Nick leaned forward again, his focus sharpening and a chill running down his spine as Nicole
swayed from a crescent kick. "You ain't getting it!"
Ryūnosuke stomped her foot down hard then reversed direction with snap kicks from her
other foot.
More!
The bursts of air cracking near her head tossed Nicole's mane of red about, as she kept clear
of the kicks. But with her attacks defeated again, Ryūnosuke only found the determination to
go on. In the heat of the moment, in the zone, she could see it, she could win! Her heart was a
burning fire, erupting outward to fuel her swings to tighten just a bit more, adding a cutting
sound as they rent through the air at startling speed. Not through anger, not through stress,
not through the promise of a thousand yen.
Just from the sheer thrill that she knew she could do it!
C'mon! She urged herself as that fire in her heart burned to the edges of her body, driving her
for one final kick that ripped through the air like a rifle shot.
MORE!
Nicole ducked down, as the slipper on Ryūnosuke's extended right foot exploded from the
force of the kick—followed by a smacking sound against stone as the air displaced by the
kick slammed into the wall surrounding the compound.
Ryūnosuke gawked at the sight of the shockwave spreading from the wall, before the burning
in her blood spread to her muscles. With a weak whimper she dropped onto her backside in
an overexerted heap.
"Oof!" She stared at her bare and stinging foot, gasping for breath. "What… what the
heck…?"
Nicole looked back at where the air struck the wall. "Wow… we haven't even gotten to that
yet…"
Still panting, Ryūnosuke turned from Nicole to her father. "How… how was that?"
"Well, for people who view success in terms of landing hits, that was an abject failure. But
those people are stupid and suck at fighting, what you showed me was pretty dang good."
Ryūnosuke lit up. "Really?"
Nick folded his arms and hummed affirmative with his exaggerated nod as he walked over.
"What we have here in your case is a fantastic talent, and even more potential. Any ol'
mother-hubbard can swing until they hit something, and it falls over, but that's it. Most of
them meet someone like Nicky here, get styled upon, and only succeed in striking up an
intimate conversation with the dirt."
He extended his hand, and when Ryūnosuke took it, he pulled her up onto her feet. "You've
got what it takes to be better than that by leagues. It'll require some polish on your basics and
have a few of those subtle nuances drilled into your noggin, but it won't take long for you to
be swinging with the best of 'em."
"It won't take that long to teach your style?" Ryūnosuke asked as she gestured over to Nicole.
"Like her?"
"Ah, you noticed the similarity. Well, to put it in arithmetic terms, you're competent in basic
maths, but my style's evolved over the years to the point it's more like Calculus." He
explained. "Nick Jr. and all your other brothers and sisters have been learning it since they
can walk, so there ain't much point in wasting time when you don't have the grounding to
understand it."
Ryūnosuke looked at Nicole in surprise. "Seriously?"
"Yeah," Nicole said with a shrug. "I'm not even really all about that life, but it helps to have
something to get me out of a situation that words can't."
Nick continued. "You don't need much to improve what you have, as I said: Polish, subtlety,
and nuance. In fact, if we get started on building some of that up today, you'll have an edge
on those unseemly fellas who had one over on you."
Ryūnosuke's mind flashed a picture of Kamaitachi for a moment, the disgusted sneer on his
face making her rage simmer. The thought of revenge against the creep who spat on her
femininity without knowing the hell she went through to protect it made her miss the tone of
how he said it. "All right then, sounds good."
She would definitely maybe not regret this… probably.
Nicole held her hand out, and Ryūnosuke looked at it. "Huh?"
"Where my thousand?" Nicole asked.
Ryūnosuke looked at Nicole's extended hand, then reached out and slapped the back of it.
"Where's my thousand?"
Nicole stared at her hand, then at Ryūnosuke, her mouth agape. "… Ah!"
Nick looked at her. "Pay her up, she landed a hit."
The redhead turned to him. "… But!"
"Nobody said the fight was over."
Ryūnosuke nodded and gestured to Nicole. "There you go."
Frozen for a moment more, Nicole finally groaned and went through the pocket of her yoga
pants to pull out a fistful of yen notes and shove them in Ryūnosuke's hand. "Not even a
month and you're already one of us, dang!"
Ryūnosuke and Nick laughed as Nicole folded her arms and pouted in mock indignation.
@@@@@
With the day off from class, Nabiki normally would be home right now, either scrolling the
web or watching television with Kasumi. However, due to the nature of the job she took up
assisting Kodachi like she was an advisor out of the Three Kingdoms, she was stirred from
her slothful routine.
She didn't mind it, a quick check of her private account showed enough reason to shake off
her innate desire to laze about and tend to her own whims. However, as she stepped out of the
car provided by Kodachi, she found the school was swamped with workers who seemed more
akin to a swarm of ants than people from sheer volume.
It was genuinely impressive, the speed at which Mendou moved despite his personal
shortcomings.
"It is a sight that entreats a sense of ambivalence, does it not?" Kodachi summed up the less
grand thoughts of Nabiki with perfect lady-like eloquence. "That someone so incapable can
still produce such results."
"Let's be real, this is his bare minimum and even he knows that."
Heavens above help the people trapped in the SAD with him should he ever manage to start
getting over himself.
Kodachi smirked. "And that is why he's the money, and you are the hand that guides it."
Nabiki returned the smirk but demurred away after a second. "Perish the thought that the
retainer fee you pay me even warrants a worry on the bottom line."
"It could, had you the desire for it," Kodachi remarked, very casual like, a dangerous kind of
tone taking her over.
Katie's declaration still burned at the back of her neck, but it wasn't hot enough to make her
sweat when added to the heat in front of her.
"Tempting, but there are better places to spend that money, even if I would enjoy having it
attached to my name."
Nabiki's voice felt like the cool breeze chilling the morning dew as it made her intended
audience shiver. "Really now?"
"A better faculty, a school that doesn't look like crap, and new uniforms to increase morale
and fashionability is a good start. It won't mean a thing if the whole world inside these walls
doesn't know we're moving."
Kodachi already figured it out when Nabiki started cleaning the faculty out. "Nothing we do
matters if everyone still thinks of this school's students as trash."
"It won't be won with good grades or killing it in sports even if we could get district level
games going again." Nabiki continued since Kodachi showed she didn't need to be brought
up to speed again. "We'll have to do it the hard way."
"I already intended to bring war to my enemies' domain," Kodachi noted, as she realized that
the girl was seriously bringing it up.
"That's not what I'm talking about—we're not ready to be taking swings at your peers when
my peers are still circling the block thinking it's sweet around here."
Kodachi was given pause as she remembered.
The very day after her brother was removed from the school, it was set upon by one of the
groups of delinquents he'd ousted.
But just as quickly they saw the folly of their assault.
"Do you not have faith in your sister and Izurando-san as Aces of this school?"
Nabiki fired back. "Are you satisfied with having just two Aces?"
She wasn't, but that circled Kodachi back to the subject of her first question. "Is there even
anyone among the students here besides them with the capacity to be an Ace?"
"We're in this mess entirely because no one bothered to look and see. Frankly, we all got
really cozy with the idea of leaning on one top student at the school. Your brother was the
guy before, my sister and Katie are the new ones now, and if the boys weren't the walking
dead, they'd be buying the idea of Mendō freaking Shūtaro being theirs. Lord knows the girls
are already tempted to."
Folding her arms, Kodachi shook her head. "That isn't an issue money can solve. That is a
weakness of the spirit, not the wallet."
"That's why we need someone who can raise that spirit. Not just the girls… but the broken-
down boys with no one to look up to. The students don't need Aces to do the heavy lifting,
they need leaders they'll follow through the hallways or the battlefield."
Nabiki shook her head. "I hate to say it but… someone like Sōban of all people."
Kodachi knew enough about Sōban from the rapport Akane and Katie had with him and the
young men of Butsumetsu High School. He was an example to strive for, even if he wasn't
aesthetically or intellectually appealing in the slightest—the ability to turn pure strength into
charisma was a rare one indeed.
"It would need to be someone…" Kodachi began, pondering the requirements she desired.
"Who could not only inspire every student, but still be able to stand in the same spotlight as
your sister and Izurando-san as a physical leader."
Nabiki nodded. "It can't be anybody like your one-pump-chump of a brother, and definitely
not the yen-paper tiger prancing around our school now."
"A young man who the students can relate to because he isn't looking down on them from
some lofty precipice."
"Who can thrash any of the losers who haven't been chased off by the Sicko Gang."
"And good looking, too."
"That's just something you want."
Shrugging her shoulders, Kodachi owned that accusation. "Well, if we're asking for a main
character, then let him be an attractive one and not a same-face drawn to save time."
Nabiki held back that laugh.
Kodachi smiled a little at her reaction. "Most importantly, I think, this person needs to be as
ambitious as you and I, Izurando-san, and Akane. Someone who will want more than they
have, and the determination to reach for it even if it is far above their head."
There was no disagreement with that, as Nabiki nodded. "Because it doesn't end here at this
school, now, does it?"
"Not in the least," Kodachi replied.
A sound neither expected filled the air. The steady beat of hooves and grind of wooden
wheels against pavement heralded the passing of a black oxen pulling a cart with a purple and
gold decorated palanquin atop it. As it crept past at a sedate pace, Kodachi and Nabiki both
followed it slowly, the former scowling while the latter lifted her eyebrow.
Flanking the oxen and its cart were two middle-aged men dressed in tuxedos, walking with
their noses up to the sky despite their proximity to the livestock they escorted.
"Is that a…?" Nabiki asked as she raised a finger to point after it.
Kodachi sniffed dismissively and regretted it—she got a nose full of bull. "Yes, a Mendō
oxcart. It's not the style of the men of the family to travel by such means, and since my hair
isn't standing on end as it would in Ryōko's proximity, I presume it's the Lady Mendō."
Noting the direction it was headed, Nabiki tilted her head as she grew curious. "She's headed
for Tomobiki."
"Possibly to have a strong word with the faculty over her son now being here."
Nabiki did some quick math. "Wait, at the rate it's going, she might not even get there until
tomorrow morning."
"And she probably left the Mendō estate several days ago when word got back that he was
first expelled."
Turning to stare at Kodachi, Nabiki had to ask. "Why not use one of the like a hundred air
fortresses that they have?"
As if she'd been dying for the prompt, Kodachi shot back. "Like a peasant?!"
Nabiki had to repress the laughter that almost roared out of her with all her might, her body
shaking heavily as she closed her eyes and turned away from Kodachi. With her smug
employer looking on with satisfaction at getting such a reaction from her, Nabiki regained her
composure and turned back.
"You know, this is the point where someone might feel something in the realm of pity for
Mendō Shūtaro. But having met him? No."
"Wait until you meet Ryōko."
"That's inevitable, isn't it? I just hope he's out of here before then, so future me doesn't
actually come to feel sympathy."
The girls looked on at the slowly retreating carriage, and one of the servants escorting it
actually going out of his way to sweep up the mess left behind by the contentedly strolling
oxen.
"These are the people who make living in this place such a headache," Nabiki said aloud.
Kodachi dropped her head in mock contrition. "My sincerest apologies."
Nabiki glanced at her. "Don't apologize for anything. I think you're the first person from the
Taian side of things to consider giving a damn about everyone else."
And both agreed that was a little sad.
Chapter End Notes
Leave a comment!
Chapter 36: Exploitation
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The ox-pulled Mendō cart traveled through the day and into the evening through empty
streets. The delinquents and ruffians that were an everyday occurrence in the Special
Administration District were as absent in the daylight as they were after sundown, leaving the
procession to travel with impunity. In fact, aside from the eccentric procession, and the
contract workers from beyond the wall streaming home after a busy afternoon's work
renovating the temporary barricaded Furinkan High School, there were hardly any souls out
on the streets.
This gravely worried Dr. Ono Tofu as he did his nightly round of the Furinkan neighborhood.
It was quiet, too quiet. With the Sickle Gang marauding the tranquility felt ominous.
"Another night with nothing going on," he murmured as he walked down the street in front of
the fenced-off school.
Slumping his shoulders, he sighed. "It couldn't hurt if there were more reliable adults—and I
didn't have to call on schoolchildren…"
The moment he came around the corner of the school, however, Dr. Tofu was immediately set
upon by men shining bright flashlights in his face. Raising his hand to shield his eyes, he
peered out at the wielders of the lights.
"… What…?"
One of the four men stepped closer, and Dr. Tofu stepped back in surprise when he realized
the man a soldier armed with a rifle. "Uh… sir?!"
The soldier holding the rifle to him keyed his radio and made a call. "This is Security Team
Octo Alpha-One Lead to Octo-Command, we have an unidentified individual, male. Subject
appears to be in his mid-to-late twenties–"
Dr. Tofu took offense to that. "… I'm only twenty-one… who are you people?"
Ignoring him, the soldier continued describing him. "Subject is wearing a kimono and armed
with a quarterstaff. Subject is also wearing glasses."
The radio crackled back. "Octo-Command to Octo Alpha-Lead, is he wearing leather? I
repeat, does he have any leather on?"
Octo Alpha-One Lead scrutinized Dr. Tofu. "Negative. I see no sign of any leather."
"If he is a civilian, then send him on his way. If he refuses to vacate the premises, you are
clear to engage and detain."
Dr. Tofu's eyes adjusted, and he looked around at the other three soldiers surrounding him in
a half-circle. "Octo… are you men with the Mendō family, by any chance?"
Octo Alpha-One Lead cut his radio and finally addressed Dr. Tofu. "Civilian, you are
trespassing on a controlled site. We're under orders from Mendō Shūtaro-sama to keep all
individuals from entering the Furinkan High School grounds."
Recoiling, Dr. Tofu looked at the school, and then around. "Hold on a moment! How many of
you are there?!"
"That is none of your concern, civilian, we're going to need you to leave the site, or we will
be forced to detain you."
Raising his free hand, Dr. Tofu stepped back from the men, off the sidewalk and onto the
street. "I have no interest in starting a scuffle, gentlemen, so I will carry on. However, why
are you looking specifically for men in leather?"
"Intelligence reports give us reason to believe that a gang of perverts are operating in this
area, and that Furinkan High School may be a target for their activities," Octo Alpha-One
Lead replied. "Our presence is to deter any such activity."
Dr. Tofu understood but didn't have a good feeling about this. "Aren't you being a bit
aggressive? It's obvious that I'm not a member of the Sickle Gang."
"Civilian, we were ordered to approach any possible threat with the highest aggression.
Mendō—this school and this neighborhood will not feel safe until the threat of the Sickle
Gang is neutralized. Therefore, we will aggressively apprehend every possible threat, none
shall get past our notice."
While Octo Alpha Team were still pointing their weapons and lights at Dr. Tofu, right over
the wall of the school a group of the Sickle Gang—Madame Kamenbell and Kamaitachi
among them—walked from the school's main building to enter the under-renovation girl's
locker room.
They went completely unnoticed.
Octo Alpha-One Lead spoke in a tone that invoked narrowing his eyes unseen behind his
helmet's visor. "Now, back away from the school or you will be detained."
Letting go of his quarterstaff, Dr. Tofu raised both his hands now and took another step back.
"No need to be pushy, I'll go back the way I came."
One of the other men holding a weapon on Dr. Tofu, Octo Alpha-Two, suddenly called out.
"HE'S DEESCALATING!"
Octo Alpha-Three raised his rifle higher to aim. "Take him down!"
Octo Alpha-Four roared out. "FIRE FOR EFFECT!"
Before any of them could so much as squeeze their triggers, Katie, Akane, and Kaori
unceremoniously fell on all three overzealous security personnel, their respective knee,
punch, and kick laying Octo Alpha-Two through Four unconscious. As he turned to bring his
weapon to bear on the nearest of the girls, Octo Alpha-Lead was abruptly tapped on the back
of the neck and he crumpled unconscious, babbling incoherently as he fell.
Dr. Tofu lowered his hand and knelt down to pick up his staff. "Thank you, girls."
"Weren't no thing," Katie said as she came up.
Kaori, in no good mood, kicked the man she took down a second time, this time in his right
side. "What's this crap?"
Akane looked at her with a neutral expression. "Do you have to ask?"
"It was rhetorical," Kaori shot back. "These guys are dumb enough to come from only one
place."
Turning to Dr. Tofu, Akane approached him with concern. "Are you okay, Dr. Tofu?"
"Don't worry, I'm fine. In fact, I feel great now that you're here to help with the watch."
Akane was immensely pleased, enough even to override her anger at the men who had
threatened her family physician. "Thank goodness."
Dr. Tofu looked at the men laid out around them. "I fear these may be Mendō Shūtaro's
security. They didn't divulge who employed them, but all things considered…"
Katie groaned. "Of course." Roughly she grabbed up the man she took down and shook him.
"Hey, dipshit. Is Mendō your boss?"
"Octo Alpha-Two groaned in pain. "Octo Alpha-Two… to Octo-Command…
compromised…"
Octo-Command replied on the radio. "Was it the enemy?"
"No… young women… count three…"
There was a pause.
"Are they cute?"
Akane's anger overrode her contentment at Dr. Tofu's safety. "It's Mendō…"
Katie leaned close to the radio as Octo Alpha-Two keyed it. "HEY! YOU BETTER SHOW
YOURSELF BEFORE WE COME FIND YOU, MENDŌ!"
There was another silence. "… Octo Alpha-Two, please direct the young ladies to the
Command Center at the faculty parking lot of the school, thank you."
Katie turned to Akane. "You know what? You gotta give him credit for respecting your
threat."
Akane looked back at her. "No, I don't."
Dr. Tofu took the lead and began walking back in the direction he came from, towards the
other side of the school's front. "Let's go sort this out."
@@@@@
One hundred paces from the Fox Statue, in the girl's locker room of Furinkan High School,
the cordon barring entry was moved aside, the benches and lockers that furnished the homely
locker room were torn asunder, and the floor itself was ripped open to reveal a dark tunnel.
Lit by lighters, candles, and cellphone flashlights carried by the Sickle Gang, Madame
Kamenbell's procession walked through a narrow and winding tunnel with smooth stone
floors and earthen walls.
In spite of the narrow quarters, the air was fresh, and Kamaitachi could even feel it moving
the deeper they descended—like there was some kind of airflow whose source they could not
detect from further ahead. Glancing at Madame Kamenbell, he could even see it disturbing
the feathers of his boa as they walked against it.
After several descending turns, they came to a pair of old sliding wood paneled doors, with
the faded relief of foxes dancing stenciled into the right door, and men in Edo Period style
clothes dancing and frolicking on the left.
With a grunt of exertion, Madame Kamenbell stepped up and pushed the doors open, and
gasped at the sight of an old shrine with more fox reliefs on the walls, and a high stony
ceiling a dozen meters above held up by six large wooden support pillars that flanked the
room. The stone floor was smooth, with numerous channels carved into it, all leading to a
large empty pool in the middle of the room, and on the other end a bronze statue of a rosy-
cheeked man with his lips puckered as if to whistle sat in a wooden crate.
"Lights, lights…!" Madame Kamenbell murmured, before commanding with excitement in
his voice. "I need lights! Light torches, hurry!"
Kamaitachi gestured around, indicating long unused torches that lined the walls. "Go! Light
them!"
While their underlings scattered to follow the order, Madame Kamenbell brought his hands to
his face, and he let out a shuddered sigh of anticipation. "Kamaitachi… we're here… after so
long, we've made it to this place…!"
Kamaitachi nodded and bit his lip in anticipation as Madame Kamenbell swept around the
empty pool and over to the crate containing the statue. Reaching it and looking at the
puckered-up mouth of the figure, Madame Kamenbell draped himself over it and let out a
contented croon.
"You have no idea, Kamaitachi… how long I have waited for this."
When Kamaitachi answered him, his voice cracked slightly, filled with emotion. "It feels like
it's been all of my life, Madame Kamenbell." He joined his master's side. "This is truly it, the
source of the spring?"
Kamenbell turned to him. "Yes, look here!"
With a sweep of his right arm, he smashed the crate, and flung the remnants aside. He
pointed, with urgent flourish, at the ofuda tag on the forehead of the statue. "Source of the
Spring of Drowned Young Man!"
He turned to his second in command. "It is here! In our grasp! The power to create a world of
Beautiful Men!"
Kamaitachi's breath caught in his chest, excitement fluttering in it as he clasped his hands
together. "Please, Madame, start it now! Let the water flow so we can begin…!"
Turning back to the statue, he snatched the tag away and found a circular indentation with a
crescent moon on the left side. Thinking it a button, Madame Kamenbell tried to push it.
Nothing happened.
"Hm?" Confused, Madame Kamenbell tried pressing the alleged button again, but when met
with no result, he began to search the statue over, his open palms roaming over for any sort of
switch or button. "I do not understand… how does it turn on?"
Staring at the statue, Kamaitachi wondered. "Wait, wait!" He took Madame Kamenbell by his
shoulders. "Maybe it needs a key of some kind!"
The masked Madame turned to his trusted subordinate, before both looked at the so-called
button that the former tried to press. On closer inspection, it looked like something that fit a
very specific key in the shape of a crescent moon with a circle in the middle.
Both men realized it at once. "Ah."
Immediately Madame Kamenbell turned on Kamaitachi, howling in anger. "NO ONE SAID
ANYTHING ABOUT A KEY!"
Recoiling, his subordinate spoke quickly. "No! Suzuki did not! He must not have known,
or…!"
He stopped. No, he couldn't have known, but he already had an idea. "Wait, Madame
Kamenbell! The Tendo Dojo! It may still be there!"
"Quickly! To the surface! My world is so close, we cannot waste a moment more!" Madame
Kamenbell turned and roared to the rest of their men. "MY BEAUTIFUL MEN, HURRY!"
@@@@@
On the other side of Furinkan High School, in the faculty lot, Mendō Shūtaro stepped out of
the command center and faced Katie, Akane, Kaori, and Dr. Tofu.
A spring evening breeze caught his cloak, billowing it to his left as he eyed first the doctor
with contemptuous suspicion, and then regarded the young woman with a more gentlemanly
gaze.
He did not speak, however, because he wasn't particularly hungry for asphalt.
The silence lingered for a little longer than was necessary, before Katie leaned over and said
to Akane. "Um, hon? Give him permission to talk."
With a roll of her eyes, Akane complied. "Hey, you can talk now. I won't beat you up."
Mendō visibly relaxed. "Thank you, my–"
"Don't."
He quickly cut to the heart of the matter. "I understand that you're wondering what's going
on."
"Oh, we've got a pretty good idea what's happening around here with all this nonsense you're
pullin'," Katie said, "But I reckon Kodachi don't."
Mendō brought a hand to his chest. "That's correct, she does not. But I'm not doing anything
she would not approve—I am taking the initiative against the enemy, so we are not caught
flat-footed against them."
"I'm pretty sure the right hand not knowin' what the left is doin' has historical precedents in
bein' a disastrous sorta thing," Katie pointed out.
Mendō saw it otherwise. "I am only taking necessary and reasonable precautions. The nature
of the enemy and the threat it poses requires constant vigilance and a readiness to act. While
you ladies are extremely formidable, the enemy is many, and you could use any help you
could get."
"While that's not untrue…" Katie began.
"Those men of yours are too aggressive," Dr. Tofu said.
Akane drove the point further. "And you didn't ask my sister or Kodachi for permission to
have these guys around!"
"In times of crisis, asking for forgiveness is more expedient than permission," Mendō argued
back.
Katie walked up to Mendō and flicked him in the nose, hard.
"Ow!"
"Sorry."
Mendō was about to complain, when he realized what she'd done. "… Ah."
"Understand, now?"
Mendō cleared his throat. "Yes, I see."
Akane sighed. "So, call these guys off, and get to calling Kodachi or my sister about all of
this."
"At the very least," Mendō argued as he led them inside to the radio, "Let my men stay at
their posts, so that they may protect the school."
Katie shook her head. "No dice; after meeting them, I have my doubts."
"Same," Kaori chimed in.
"I experienced it first-hand myself," Dr. Tofu reminded them.
"Yeah," Akane seethed, promising pain to Mendō for that in particular.
Mendō swallowed anxiously and made the call. "Octo Teams, report."
@@@@@
How many days has it been since he was bought here? Unable to see the sun or the moon, let
alone the true sky, had robbed Suzuki of his sense of time and awareness of life beyond his
current whereabouts. The Sickle Gang had wrung him of everything he could possibly offer
regarding the Fox Shrine and the keeper of its secrets, and with no further use to him in that
regard they had consigned him to a truly dreadful fate.
The once beautiful Suzuki, a splendid and dazzling man who stood above his peers with his
glittering brilliance, now stood huddled amongst dozens of leather-clad men with a studded
domino mask glued to his face and a leather cap atop his head. He wore the rest of the
humiliating ensemble of leather hot pants, sleeveless tops, boots, and knee and elbow pads as
well.
He had been reduced to a mere mob of the Sickle Gang. Pressed into its ranks like the dozens
of other men cloistered uncomfortably close around him in the stifling artificial jungle.
At the end of day, for all their posturing and dramatics, Host Club Martial Artists were
pretenders to the craft. Their flashy moves with long reach, like Suzuki's in his skirmish with
Sōban, were designed to keep them clear of any retaliatory strikes or counter attacks—
effectively protecting their faces from scarring or bruising. Because a Host Club Martial
Artist's skills were meant to dazzle and intimidate, while their handsome faces kept their
customers coming in.
Condemned to wear such brutish and tacky attire, to hide his face like the rest of these
worthless mobs, Suzuki would much rather have been cut down like that street vendor who'd
barged in on his first meeting of Madame Kamenbell.
"Kukuku…" Someone from the side of Suzuki chuckled under his breath, a bit of an
undertone to his laugh that wasn't mere mirth. "Still traumatized, Suzaku-kun?"
"It's Suzuki!" He snapped back before he scrutinized the blond leaning against the back of
another larger, broadly built man like he was the coolest motherfucker in the tightly packed
crowd. "… Wait… you're Kodaira, from Furinkan's Shining Killers!"
"Guilty!" Kodaira replied. "Though, we go by 'The Golden Lovers' now, because Shining
Killers wasn't particularly 'beautiful.'"
Suzuki made a face. "Why would anyone associate with anything Golden?"
Kodaira chuckled again. "Well, it's not like we had a choice—and I don't think Madame
Kamenbell or Kamaitachi really give a crap about optics. I mean, look at us."
The other blonde gestured around the group of men. "The single largest gathering of leather
aficionados outside of an American Biker Rally! Or a cattle ranch—same thing, really."
More chuckles radiated from around Kodaira, and indeed Suzuki realized that the rest of the
Shining Killers he'd seen fight at Furinkan High School were present with him.
"What happened? How'd you end up in this outfit?"
"Same as a good chunk of the idiots here. We were hanging out, nursing our wounds, when
we got jumped by these guys and given an offer: Either we join their beautiful revolution, or
they dump us in the river to block the grate." Kodaira shrugged his shoulders. "We've been on
board since. Better than getting stomped by leather guys, right?"
He leaned in a bit close to Suzuki. "You'd know a thing or two about that, huh?"
Suzuki scowled at him in turn. "They haven't laid a finger on me."
"Sure," Kodaira said, extending it to drive home his skepticism. "And I bet you can leave
anytime, too. Go back to pretending like you're the King of Taian."
Sneering, Suzuki turned away from him. "Well, I'm certainly not submitting to Madame
Kamenbell or any of you freaks."
"You may as well just go with it. All this whole thing is, are dudes who prance around acting
hard gay and beating up people."
With that, Suzuki wondered if Kodaira knew the full implication of what was happening.
"That's all you think this is?"
The other blonde shrugged his shoulders dismissively. "What else is there to it? It's the
biggest growing gang in the city—even those zombie losers from our school have shown up,
look."
He gestured to more than a handful of other young men, their shoulders dropped, their heads
bowed, and their expressions—even with the mask over them—devoid of any feeling beyond
despair and self-loathing. The same hopeless Furinkan students, Suzuki realized, that he and
Sōban's gang had ruthlessly mocked for being emasculated by a couple girls.
That he was now lumped in with them of all people offended Suzuki even more.
"… What are they doing here?"
Kodaira was happy to explain. "Well, they were just milling around, it wasn't even hard to
round them up. Shove a bunch into a truck and then dump them down here in the hole with
the rest. They did everything asked of them, without even raising a fuss… they're that
broken."
The delinquent gave the Host a side-eye look. "It's the first time that anyone's given a shit
about them in a minute, since Furinkan turned into a girls' school."
"That or they don't have the spirit in them to resist."
"Does it even matter? Just like you and I, they're down here. If anything, being a hard gay
gimp is a step up"
Suzuki bristled. "Hey, I like women!"
And his protest was quickly brushed off. "Whatever. We're in the boys' club, now, and it is in
no small part thanks to uppity bitches who think they can throw hands."
The ball abruptly landed in his court; Suzuki decided to ball. "Think? I was there; they could,
and they did throw hands. But you would know that better than me, since you caught them."
Kodaira's façade disappeared as anger flashed over. "Screw you, bottom bitch!"
The darkness of the man-made jungle was pierced by bright lights in shades of red, all
shining down on a platform with the same symbol of the Sickle Gang he'd seen painted on
the table of Ikeman Teitoku standing directly behind it: A handsome man striding atop a city
skyline, bearing the flag with the crossed sickles of the Sickle Gang, surrounded by similarly
drawn men with their fists raised to the heavens with him.
In front of the symbol, Madame Kamenbell stood elegantly on the platform. Holding his
scythe in one hand, with a microphone stand set up in front of him. Scanning his audience, he
cleared his throat and spoke into the microphone.
"Chin-pon-pon-pon-pon~? Do you hear me, my lovely men? This is your leader, Madame
Kamenbell speaking," he announced to the cheers of numerous Sickle Gang members amidst
the crowd while many others murmured awkwardly or said nothing at all.
Suzuki of course one of them, wondering what this maniac was on about now.
"It has been so long, but I have finally returned to you," Madame Kamenbell continued. "And
I return in the darkest hour of humankind, the darkest hour of man…"
Right away, someone shouted back. "What the hell do you mean returned to us?! I didn't even
want to be in this stupid gang, you freak!"
Suzuki flinched and looked back, wondering what fool was audaciously stupid enough to say
something like that.
Seated on the earthy ground, between his fellow Stormtroopers, was a seething Megane. Like
everyone else, he was barely dressed in leather and wearing one of the Sickle Gang's masks.
"I like women, you hear! Especially the greatest of women, Lum Invader! You hear that?! I!
LOVE! WOMEN!"
Madame Kamenbell looked towards Megane's direction; his lips turned downward in a deep
scowl. He nodded towards him, and for his protests, Megane's was driven face first into the
dirt by another member of the Sickle Gang. Another knelt and held a sickle to his neck,
prompting the defiant young man to yelp in fear.
"As I was saying," Madame Kamenbell continued, "When I look across you huddled masses,
heads hung low, eyes drooped, gazes burning into the dirt… I see what damage society has
done to you. You have been demeaned and dismissed, as delinquents, as perverts, as cogs in a
machine that does not care for you or how much work you put in it."
Given a pause, Suzuki didn't expect to hear the deranged Madame Kamenbell say something
like this. "… What?"
"For too long, too many of you have been forced to endure an unsightly existence. Stripped
of your country, your identity, relegated to an ill-spoken afterthought outside these walls…
and to even worse within them. You have been branded and beaten with every vile name
under the sun, but not once have any of you been acknowledged for what you are… men."
Madame Kamenbell walked to the edge of the stage. "Men… who built this country, who
maintain it, who keep it running. Men who have fought for it, suffered for it, and held it upon
your shoulders. Men who are taught to stand on your own feet and hold fast against the tides
of horror and evil in the world. The history of Japan, the history of the world, the history of
humanity… is a true man's romance."
Without warning, Madame Kamenbell erupted into a fury slamming his scythe into the stage
to stand alone as he threw his hands up and screamed.
"IT IS A DISGRACE!"
He clenched his hands into fists and spoke with fervor and fury. "That you must bow your
heads to those who look down on you from below! Those who hide behind wealth, behind
weapons, behind weakness! To justify why YOU belong beneath them! When this city… this
world… this race is one of MEN!"
Pointing fanatically, Madame Kamenbell kept going. "What did you do wrong? What crime
did you commit? What misfortune of birth labeled you as inferior? As ostracized? As less
than the other?!"
He looked around at the silent crowd. "For being men, and nothing more. For daring to love,
for daring to want, for daring to be as men. That is your only mark, that is why society fears
you, despises you, and tears you down."
With a deep breath, Madame Kamenbell lowered his head, then looked up at his now quietly
captivated audience with a fearsome resolve. "That is why I have returned to you all. My
Sickle Gang who wore the mask then, and those who wear the mask now. The time for men's
subordination to a diseased and hideous society must end."
He brought his hands to his mask and brushed his fingertips across it. "This mask, it is not
meant to hide our shame… but to represent true freedom. When it is on your face, you have
no name, you have no rank, you are but a man… free to be a man and embrace the true
beauty of men."
Bringing his hand out, he brought it in with the fabulous flourish of the Sickle Gang's salute
and held a presenting palm to them. "You, my Sickle Gang, are all men—radiant, pure, the
distillation of manhood worthy to wield the levers that control the world. And as men, we
shall have our revolution."
He held that upturned hand higher. "A beautiful world is within our grasp. A world where the
wretched filth of society is washed away, leaving men like you where you belong! At the
beginning and end, at the center of everything! My lovely men, my strong men, my men who
rightfully hold this world! Are you with me, to seize destiny and a glorious future?!"
In front of the stage a single hand reached up and out in the beginning of the Sickle Gang's
salute. It was Kamaitachi's, the second in command of the Sickle Gang openly weeping as
HG and RG, at his flanks, held their hands up in the same motion.
Suzuki shook his head in disbelief. "There's no way this insane idiot's going to win everyone
over with that fluffed up, fascist garbage…!"
He stopped when he noticed hands go up, and looked around to see the unmistakably broken
young men of Furinkan High School were finding the life and spirit that had been lost the day
Kuno Tatewaki fell. Looking to his left, Suzuki's left eyebrow twitched when he saw Kodaira
reaching up, along with the rest of the former Shining Killers, turned Golden Lovers.
Suzuki looked back, in disbelief, and then horror as he saw more hands rise up. Masked men
holding back tears or openly letting them flow as the validation and encouragement that life
in the SAD—the lives they led before they were pressed to wear the mask—had deprived
them.
Quickly, Suzuki sought out the irate young man who protested before and found Megane also
holding his hand aloft while he clumsily wiped his eyes with his free hand.
"… He… he speaks to us… he understands why being a man is so important," Megane all but
sobbed.
Scanning the crowd and finding not a dry eye or unraised hand beside his own, Suzuki
looked back as Kamaitachi led them all through the motion of the salute. The rest followed,
bringing their hands down then up to a presenting gesture to their great leader, and all
responded as once.
"Yes, Madame Kamenbell!"
The twitch in his left eye returned, stronger, as Suzuki struggled with this sudden submission.
They had no idea what insanity Madame Kamenbell was asking for, they had been snatched
off the street, beaten into these ridiculous clothes, and forced to wear masks. Where was their
dignity? Their self-respect? Their common sense?!
He could've shouted this all himself, but when he looked at Madame Kamenbell, he realized
that the leader of the Sickle Gang was looking directly at him. The only man in a crowd of
hundreds who did not have his hand up in praise to what every other man here saw as their
savior.
Beside him, he heard Kodaira whisper out the corner of his mouth. "Hey there, bottom bitch,
how much longer are you going to pretend you're better than us? You're in the boys' club
now, get on with it."
Suzuki grimaced and raised up his hand to perform the salute.
"Y-yes, Madame Kamenbell."
This was insane. How had he gone from wanting to rule the Host Club scene to this, pledging
fealty to an idiot who thinks he can turn women into men with some water?
Satisfied, Madame Kamenbell called to his audience.
"Then let us march to our beautiful destiny."
Chapter End Notes
When you start the war, fight with sickles, masks, and hordes.
Chapter 37: Ignition
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
There was no response from the Octo Teams that Mendō contacted. A silence lasting the full
definition of a moment followed, giving time for Akane, Katie, Kaori, and Dr. Tofu to
exchange looks. Katie's in particular, aimed at Akane, was particularly pointed.
"What?" Akane asked.
Katie rolled her eyes. "Say it."
"What?" Akane repeated.
Katie made a circular motion with her hand. "Come on, say it."
Her eyes widening. Akane tilted her head back. "Are you kidding…? Ugh, Fine!" She sighed
in resignation before asking. "You don't suppose something happened to them, do you?"
Everyone waited in silence. Nothing happened.
Finally, Mendō spoke. "I can't imagine something could have, they're esteemed professionals
—and highly rated online."
The radio exploded with frantic calls.
"OCTO BRAVO TEAM, WE ARE UNDER ATTACK! WE ARE UNDER ATTACK!"
"OCTO CHARLIE! LEATHER DADDIES ON ALL AXES, WHERE DID THEY COME
FROM?!"
"OCTO DELTA WE'RE BEING OVERRUN! OCTO DELTA-THREE IS DOWN! HE IS
DOWN! HE IS BEING TEABAGGED! I REPEAT, THERE ARE BALLS ON HIS FACE!"
Akane nodded sharply in vindication. "It wasn't me this time."
Kaori couldn't help herself. "I guess they were caught from behind."
"Oh, come on!" Akane shouted, as Katie's pout turned to inappropriate snickering.
"With their pants down," she added.
"Senpai!" Her kouhai yelped.
Mendō just made the foulest face. "Something must be done before we are overrun!"
"There's nothing we can do now but fight, from the sound of it," Dr. Tofu said.
Mendō agreed, and turned to the others with his sheathed sword gripped tightly in hand.
"Then so it shall be! I won't hesitate to throw myself into battle against this brigands, and
show them the true courage of a Son of the Mendō family!"
For the briefest moment, Katie and (especially) Akane in were curious if Mendō was actually
going to shut up and put up with the firmness he gripped that sword. But then the lights went
out, and the Courageous Son of the Mendō Family screamed like a child.
"AHHH! IT'S DARK, IT'S CRAMPED, I'M SCARED!"
He was lucky it was dark and he was too terrified to see the disgusted looks the girls in the
trailer gave him. It would've broken his self-image.
Just seconds later, the entire back end of Mendō's mobile operation center was sheared open
by a crosswise set of slashes, revealing Kamaitachi, HG and RG standing outside in the
school's parking lot along with a few dozen other Sickle Gang members.
"Speaking of caught from behind," Katie said as they faced the attackers.
Kamaitachi pouted. "Oh, I was hoping it would just be Shū-chan." His lips pulled into a snarl.
"But typical of bad habits he surrounds himself with trash."
Before the girls or Dr. Tofu could retort, Mendō stepped forward with his hand resting on the
hilt of the sword that completed his expensive outfit—his fear forgotten in the face of women
being besmirched. "I will tolerate no insulting of women in my presence."
Kamaitachi let out a laugh. "Come on, Shu-chan, you are not about that life."
"You're really not," Kaori agreed.
"The only life I am about is the one of protecting others," Mendō replied. "You assholes will
not come anywhere near me—or these women!"
Dr. Tofu cleared his throat.
Mendō looked at him. "You can take care of yourself." He turned back to Kamaitachi. "And I
am more than capable of taking care of…"
He stopped and stared at Kamaitachi more closely as his expression shifted from contempt to
sardonic amusement. "… You?"
HG and RG then stepped forward, both thrusting their pelvises forward in a defiant display as
they both let out a loud "HOOOOOO!"
"Baby! We're ready for round two!" HG shouted.
RG gyrated his hips then jerked them back and forth as he gestured to Akane. "So let's play,
kittens."
Dr. Tofu was promptly disgusted. "That is highly inappropriate, stop that!"
Katie walked towards the open end of the destroyed MOC. "Doc, ya gotta remember, these
guys are like little kids who just found a big stick: if you want them to behave, you gotta take
it away."
"Speaking of," Akane said as she grasped the sheath of Mendō's sword and ripped it from his
hands. "You're done playing with yours."
Mendo looked aghast for a moment before seeing the gleam in Akane's eye that promised to
reinstate her silence order. "Be careful, that sword is extremely rare! You're not even allowed
to own one!"
"Whatever, it's not like I'm cutting anything worthy," Akane snapped back.
Kamaitachi stepped back to the edge of the morass of his subordinates, behind HG and RG,
as speakers began blaring Ricky Martin's "Livin' La Vida Loca" like the last time the two had
fought.
"It's really funny that you girls can say anything about worth." Kamaitachi smirked and
gestured. "Boys, they insist on fighting like men, so be sure to hit them like men!"
Akane narrowed her eyes, while Katie rolled hers. The two puroresu-aficionados of the
Sickle Gang began dancing and hyping themselves even more, an encore performance on
their minds as their subordinates behind them cheered.
"HG!" HG yelled out as he posed.
RG joined him. "RG!"
"Sickle Gang champions, battle!" HG and RG shouted together, before they lunged towards
Katie and Akane respectively.
As they had before, Katie and Akane met their charge, but after two steps, the pair turned in
towards and narrowly passed one another to swap their opponents. RG let out grunts of
confusion, as Katie stepped into his range—while HG, being the quicker of the two, brought
his hips back and his hands forward to pelvic thrust at Akane.
Neither were fast enough.
Taking Mendō's sword, still locked tightly in its sheath, Akane thrust the very bottom, or
kojiri of the sheathed sword straight into HG's crotch as he pelvic thrust forward. Right
beside her, Katie twisted her body in a full rotation to drive her left knee square into RG's
own groin.
The twin blows on and through leather sounded like a thunderclap.
Living la Vida Loca quickly petered into silence and the cheering of the Sickle Gang
audience meekly followed.
As the two champions of the Sickle Gang collapsed to the ground, squealing in pain at a very
high pitch, Katie and Akane looked to the rest of them. Kamaitachi recoiled in surprise at the
speed at which his two champions were dispatched and the ease which the two girls had done
it.
"Did y'all really think you could pull that goofy shit again?" The former asked the Sickle
Gang's Second in Command.
The latter rested the still-sheathed sword on her shoulder. "Please, we're not playing your
games, you're playing ours."
Katie clapped her hands aggressively. "So! Show of hands, how many of y'all got some?"
Kaori and Dr. Tofu calmly stepped up and joined them, walking towards Kamaitachi and his
increasingly nervous Sickle Gang underlings as Katie finished.
"If you do, then it's time to throw 'em."
@@@@@
Soun Tendo sat out on his porch, enjoying a cigarette in the night air. He often had little
problem enjoying a smoke in the house, but there was something to be said for how the
romantic feel of the cool night breeze enhanced the experience. That and Kasumi was
cooking up a storm and he didn't want to interfere with the aromas she was creating with her
work.
It was one of the few things he didn't bother to ask about and fewer still they didn't speak to
him on. He was on a recent sober spell outside of his smoking, brought on by the revelation
he might have put the one piece of information into enemy hands without realizing it. Back
then, Suzuki had seemed an upstanding young man-one of very few to grace these halls-and
thus he had told him the secret of the Shrine in confidence.
But Suzuki himself was not the problem.
"You know, with your health as tumultuous as it has been, maybe you shouldn't be smoking,
Daddy," Kasumi said gently.
Soun turned his head to her, and lowered the cigarette from his lips. "Erm… you see…"
His eldest's lips curled into a small, kind smile. "I'm only joking."
That brought Soun to his own smile, and he turned away to resume smoking.
"Is there something that's on your mind? It feels like something has gotten everyone
extremely busy lately. Even Nabiki-chan's out later than normal, to say nothing about Akane-
chan going out to help Dr. Tofu with the watch."
Letting out a hum, Soun nodded. "It's my Old Master's loose ends."
Kasumi brought her fingers to her lips. "Oh dear."
He closed his eyes, reminiscing enough of his youth to bring the cigarette to his lips to take a
long drag from it. "The Old Master had many enemies in his day, but never did they last long.
It's hard to imagine that any could linger on to the present."
"Didn't he die before he could deal with them?"
Soun coughed and spoke quickly. "Yes, quite, it was all very tragic—so I've heard."
Kasumi lifted her right eyebrow a little as her father regained his composure. "Does he have
any other enemies that might still be around? Who could come for some kind of retribution?"
Soun took another drag of his cigarette. "It's hard to say, many people would consider him an
enemy on principle alone. People that would swear him an enemy and come after him—and
those associated—escape me at the moment."
Kasumi looked back into the house. "All of his personal effects are still in that storage room
you moved them to after the old dojo was sold and he died. Maybe you should go through it
to make sure he didn't leave any other loose ends."
Without looking back at her, his attention focused more on his back yard, he replied. "No,
most of it is booby-trapped."
Kasumi gave her father a flat, but still well-directed, look. "It would be."
"I'll resolve that matter later, for now I'll direct my energy towards the current loose end left
by the Old Master." He turned to her. "By the way, what's the word on dinner?"
Kasumi smiled. "Oh, it's almost done. Sorry it's so late, with the girls still out I thought it'd be
better to hold off on it."
Nodding, Soun gently shooed her off. "Well, don't just leave it unattended. I'll finish this
smoke and wait at the table."
Kasumi's smile dimmed. "All right."
Seeing her off with a smile of his own, Soun turned back towards the darkness enveloping his
back yard with a severe glower. With a smooth movement, he casually pulled the cigarette
from his mouth and flicked it like a projectile out into the darkness, where it bounced off the
masked face of a short young man, dressed like one of the Sickle Gang. From the darkness
behind him, three more loomed in the dark, radiating a presence of malice and menace.
"Excuse me, but the Dojo is closed and you are trespassing," Soun said calmly, without
moving from the porch for the moment.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, my good man." The first of the taller Sickle Gang members-with spiky
blonde hair-spoke up. "Sorry about our friend, he just had to see if you'd do anything."
Soun's brow furrowed. "I don't care, you should leave."
"And if we don't?" The second of the taller young men, thin and wispy with slick black hair,
called out.
Soun contemplated playing the fool or complaining about some injury to stall for time—but
quickly thought better of it. There was no telling how many of them were set against the
house and all it'd take is one or two managing to slip behind him and take Kasumi hostage.
Instead, he silently leapt off the porch with a spryness he hadn't had in years, landing without
sound right by the young man who just spoke.
"Then I will force you to do so," he promised.
The blonde Sickle Gang member laughed, and stepped towards him with his hands raised in
appeasement. "Hold on, mister! There's no need for any of that-"
Kodaira's favorite play was to start a brawl with a feigned gesture of diplomacy, or a
willingness to reconsider a fight that served as misdirection for an explosive opening sucker
punch. Ninety percent of the time it worked, with his recent bout with Akane being the first
time in his recent memory where it failed.
He learned where she got it from when his attempt at doing the same to her father was
interrupted by Soun grabbing his face and throwing him towards the wall surrounding his
home.
Kodaira recovered from the throw roughly, hitting ground with a thud before rolling to his
feet without showing any pain or damage. "Not bad, old timer, but if you think you can battle
the Golden Lovers by yourself, you're dreaming."
With a quick scan, Soun could see the other three arrayed around him in a square, moving to
try to stay in his blind spots. "Four on one, hm? Perhaps it will be a fair fight."
He took a loose low stance, nothing specific, but a noticeable amalgamation of the many
front and horse stance variations he'd picked up on his journeys. "Come on."
Tendo Soun was never the strongest martial artist around, something he never deluded
himself about. In shape, he'd at least have given them a tough fight.
But all these years of grieving, smoking, and a loss of any interest in the arts later, there's no
way he could take on by himself four young men eager to and frequently engaged in
numerous brawls…
… Or so one might be inclined to think so anyways, as the limits of self-taught brawlers who
valued violence over efficiency in a fight were a hell of a crux to bear.
Soun didn't quite move that fast, he did not need to as he easily parried Kodaira's charge and
lunging haymakers. He took two steps back from Kodaira's assault to kick behind him and
dissuade an attack at his back from the tiny Nakamura.
With such focus directed front and back, the Golden Lovers thought his flanks were open.
Not so, even as Kodaira came in quick with flashy but inefficient jabs, Soun was mindful of
Matsunaga approaching his right, the dark-haired young man intent to drive a kick into his
side. Instead Soun spared a hand to catch Matsunaga's leg at the ankle and yanked him
around to use as a club that forced Kodaira to jump back.
Fukiage, who was overly focused on Soun's left, didn't see the reversal at all, and was
punished when Soun threw Matsunaga at him.
As the other two tumbled along the ground, Soun shifted on the offensive, pressing Kodaira
with a few snappy punches before forcing him to retreat with a kick.
"Not bad, not bad!" The blonde said with a laugh. "You look like you're weak but I guess
there is something to be said for skill."
"Here it is: a person with skill has no reason to be afraid of someone who doesn't." Soun
quipped back. "Dull young men like you who only want to punch and kick as hard as they
can are so boring I gave up on the art."
The left corner of Kodaira's mouth twitched in annoyance. "Tch, you're talking tough for
someone who is still at a disadvantage."
Soun sniffed. "And you're just talking."
With a growl, the blonde rushed forward to shut the old man up.
As Soun said, in the world Kodaira came from, where people swung hard and fast without
form or care beyond knocking the other out, there was no need to develop secondary abilities
like predicting attacks and how to block or counter them.
In the real world, such predictable foes were just overly loud herbivores rushing to get eaten.
"Screw y-!" Kodaira didn't get his battle cry out before Soun countered his right cross, his fist
plowing into his face with his speed and Kodaira's own applying all that force directly to the
blonde's nose and upper jaw.
Pulling his hand back, Soun left Kodaira forgotten as a crumpled heap as his attention was
drawn to the other Golden Lovers swarming him.
"My, my," Soun said as he moved with the sudden blitz from the three young men blocking
or parrying what he could without making too much noise. "You're heating up, finally."
He dove into a roll through their encirclement, rising to his feet and running towards the
corner of his yard near the decorative koi pond at the base of its wall.
"There's an old saying," Matsunaga said, taking over the lead of their assault with Kodaira
down. "Professionals are predictable, it's the amateurs that are dangerous!"
Even the most experienced martial artist fell prey to bad habits, such as tunnel vision with a
technique or trying to show off. Even the rank amateur knew this, so it wasn't a surprise that
the three rushed Soun down, chasing him directly into the corner he fled for, knowing there'd
be nowhere for him to go but over the wall or back to face all three at once.
It was not lost to Soun as he mused on that one. A reader of newsletters and chain emails in
his middle age, he'd heard that one before.
"Then here's a bit of advice from a predictable pro to you dangerous amateurs," Soun called
back as he reached the corner.
He jumped, as if to go to the top of the wall. Fukiage, anticipating his move, leaped for the
top as well—to catch him where he landed.
Soun didn't reach the top. Midway up the wall, he kicked off the left side of the corner, then
off the right to drive a flying spinning kick into Fukiage's head.
The young man's body slammed into the wall and hit the ground limp. "If your attack is
going well…"
Matsunaga, wide-eyed, turned to face Soun with his hands coming up to shield his face on
reflex, and received an uppercut to the stomach, lifting him off his feet.
"You have walked into an ambush."
Soun turned and roundhouse kicked Matsunaga in the jaw, dropping him to the ground
unconscious.
With the second to last member of the Golden Lovers dispatched, he turned to the tiny one,
who threw his hands up and waved them frantically in fear.
"Hey, hey, wait!"
Soun ignored his pleas and chopped him in the neck, knocking him out.
Without a care, the Tendo Patriarch dusted himself off and returned to the patio of his home
unbothered, even as dozens of Sickle Gang members perched on the roof of his home and on
the surrounding wall glowered at him.
"It was a very triumphant loss," he lamented. He looked into the opening patio door and saw
no sign that they'd gotten into the house, at the very least.
Several of the Sickle Gang members on the roof stepped aside, as Madame Kamenbell made
his way to the front of the crowd. As he emerged into view, Soun's eyes grew wide,
recognition seizing him.
"Madame Kamenbell, the Old Master's mortal foe…"
"The Old Master…" Behind his mask, Madame Kamenbell's eyes narrowed to near slits, and
his jaw tightened. A tremble raced through him as the memory of a shriveled toad of a mam
and his jeering cackling sent his blood into a frothy boil. "Of course, that girl would have a
connection to him."
"Madame Kamenbell," Soun called out, "You have come searching for the key to the Spring,
haven't you?"
Slowly brandishing his scythe, Madame Kamenbell stepped closer to the roof's edge. "Are
you going to stand in my way of reaching it?"
To his genuine surprise, Soun raised his hands to shoulder level in surrender. "No, I have
what you've come for, and I will hand it over peacefully."
Madame Kamenbell's eyes narrowed behind his mask. "Show it to me."
Soun reached into his left hand sleeve and pulled out a necklace. On the end of it was a
crescent-shaped medallion with a blue jewel set in its center. The moment Soun held it aloft,
Madame Kamenbell slammed to the ground in front of him, reaching covetously for it with
his free hand.
"The key…!" He gasped before Soun drew it back. He stopped and glowered at him.
Soun returned the gaze. "A question, first. Is it true that you intend to use this spring to create
a world of only men?"
Kamenbell's grip on his scythe tightened. "It is my life's ambition, from the moment I learned
of it!"
The patriarch of the Tendo family closed his eyes and shook his head as he responded. "For
all of his ill intentions, I can safely say keeping it from you was Master's sole redeeming
quality."
Before Kamenbell could demand the key, Soun opened his eyes and offered it to him without
further protest. Looking at it, then him, Kamenbell took and gripped it tightly in his hand.
"Answer me a question now, Tendo. What happened to Happosai?"
Soun looked to the night sky, reminiscing. "One day he disappeared, never to be seen again."
He let out a short chuckle. "Could you imagine his reaction if he were to somehow return to a
world of only men? It'd be almost poetic."
The seemingly idle thought got a powerful reaction from Madame Kamenbell. The very
thought that Soun's old master could be somewhere out there made his face ashen, and his
body tremble in a fleeting but intense terror.
"But I doubt it," Soun quickly said. "I was the last person who saw him. There is no chance at
all of him to even return."
He then gestured to Kamenbell. "Shall I accompany you to the Shrine?"
Madame Kamenbell snapped out of his brief shock, and glowered intensely at Soun. "Of
course. I will need someone to dissuade your daughter from interfering." He turned to the
Sickle Gang. "Quickly, we will reunite with Kamaitachi, and claim our victory!"
With Soun in tow the Sickle gang all retreated back into the dark of night, leaving the Tendo
Dojo unharmed. Inside the house, just out of sight of the back yard, Kasumi was on her
phone, connected to Nabiki. She was almost on the verge of tears from worry, as her father
departed.
"Nabiki-chan," she whispered, "Did you hear all of that?"
"Yeah, I did," Nabiki replied. "Don't worry, Dad'll be home before dinner's cold, I think."
"Please let Akane-chan and Katie-chan know, right away," Kasumi insisted.
"They're probably already in the thick of it," Nabiki replied. "But don't worry, it'll be fine.
See you soon."
Ending the call on her end, Nabiki looked up at the closed gate of Butsumetsu High School
she was approaching, and heaved a sigh.
"Welp, here we go."
Chapter End Notes
This is probably the most I've pushed Soun Tendo in any of my fics lol.
Chapter 38: Conflagration
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The soft clop of hooves and grinding of wooden wheels on pavement was a strange sound as
the Mendō oxcart slowly ground its way down the street past the Sherman home. Standing on
the patio, listening to the sound of it passing, but familiar enough with it to not risk a
potential encounter with Mendō Ryōko, Ryūnosuke sat on the patio, looking up at the night
sky with a restless look on her face.
Her impatience and eagerness to go out and resume her hunt manifested in an unconscious,
rhythmic tapping of her heel on the hard packed dirt path that led to the closed gate of her
new home.
The patio door slid open. Expecting Nick to emerge, Ryūnosuke was surprised to see Helena
instead. The new maternal figure in her life wasn't normally up this late, usually turning in
not long after Hector and Imogen finished dinner and tired themselves out playing with her,
their father, Nicole, or Ryūnosuke herself.
Though drawn by the odd sound of livestock and cart passing through, when she saw
Ryūnosuke fidgeting up a storm, Helena smiled and walked over to the edge of the patio.
"Where's Dad?" Ryūnosuke asked.
"He's gone to bed, why?"
Ryūnosuke's expression switched from restless to frustrated before she looked back out at the
courtyard of the Sherman compound. "I was hoping to know if I can start looking for those
perverts."
Helena hummed and looked back into the house. Nicole was sitting on the couch, doing
homework with a set of purple cat-ear headphones on her head to block out the world as she
studied. Further into the house her husband was asleep, with Hector and Imogen curled up
with him. It warmed her heart to find her home so peaceful, but she knew that Ryūnosuke
was too restless for tonight's tranquility.
She answered, speaking gently. "Well, you are an adult." Ryūnosuke perked up and looked
back at her as she continued. "You're in good health and you have your wits about you—even
with school to consider, we're not going to tell you what you can or can't do—just offer you
suggestions."
"So, what do you suggest?"
"If you want to go, then go. If not, Nicole will be up for a little longer and she needs help
with her written Japanese."
Ryūnosuke let out a huff. "I'm barely good at Japanese writing, myself."
Helena giggled. "Still, it's your decision to make if you want to go out there—if you think
you're ready. I think Nick went to sleep content knowing you'd make the call yourself."
Therein lay the rub. Despite her earlier spar with Nicole, Ryūnosuke wasn't sure if that was
good enough. In fact, the only thing she really did learn from it was that she enjoyed fighting,
and that she had the potential to be better than she was.
But that didn't tell her if she was better than Kamaitachi.
"I don't know," Ryūnosuke answered. "Right now? More than anything, I want to beat that
smug jerk who treated me like I was the weirdo when we fought. I'm just not sure if I can."
"I know you can," Helena replied.
"That's nice of ya to say, but…" Ryūnosuke paused and sighed. "The guy I fought was… he
was pretty tough, made short work of me easily even when I was giving it my all."
Helena nodded. "Nick told me about it. He said thereabouts that time you'd already been
beaten up beforehand, and you were fairly upset about it, right?"
"Yeah," Ryūnosuke confirmed.
Helena folded her arms just above her pregnancy-rounded stomach and looked up at the night
sky briefly as she thought of what to say next.
"Just as much as it's about physical strength, a battle is a mental thing, and it's not just against
your opponent. Having a clear head and a broad perspective going into battle is just as
important as being in good health and rested, right?"
When Ryūnosuke nodded yes, Helena asked. "Do you think if you fought Kamaitachi then as
you are now, you'd lose?"
Ryūnosuke took so long to process that she blinked a few times. "… Huh."
Fujinami Ryūnosuke, frustrated by her embarrassing defeat, furious over having her
womanhood constantly called to question, and dealing with all the other crap in her life went
into that fight like she did every fight—to vent that fury into the universe where it could only
impotently fester any other time. She lost because she was so angry she didn't care about
anything else, just shutting Kamaitachi up and reclaiming her pride.
Ryūnosuke Sherman, on the other hand, had yet to be in a real fight.
Could she win?
"Oh, hello," Helena's abrupt greeting jolted Ryūnosuke from her introspection, and she
looked up to see Kuno Kodachi walking up from the wall she'd effortlessly hopped over.
"Can I help you?" Ryūnosuke's new mother figure asked.
Kodachi bowed. "Forgive me for my unannounced entrance." She came back up. "My name
is Kuno Kodachi, and I've actually come to speak with Ryūnosuke about an urgent matter."
"Kuno… would you happen to be related to Tatewaki?"
Kodachi nodded. "The very same, he is my brother and I've taken his place as head of House
Kuno with his hospitalization."
Ryūnosuke stood up. "So, what's up?"
"I humbly request your aid in battling the Sickle Gang. They've begun a rampage throughout
my neighborhood and with their numbers, we need all the strong and able hands we can get
to quell their riot."
Concern flashed across Helena's matronly face, as she looked at Ryūnosuke, to see what
answer she'd give.
Without an ounce of hesitation, Ryūnosuke answered Kodachi's request. "Shoot, if they're
stirring up trouble, I'm in."
Regardless of if she was ready to face Kamaitachi or not, Ryūnosuke Sherman wasn't about
to let the Sickle Gang do what they wanted, especially if other people were in trouble. Her
dilemma was settled. "Let's go."
Kodachi smiled. "Thank you."
She turned to Helena. "If that is all right with you…?"
"Helena Sherman," the older woman introduced herself, and it was Kodachi's turn to be
surprised.
"You wouldn't be the Helena Sherman of Sherman Farms, would you?"
"The very same," Helena replied with a cheeky smile.
Ryūnosuke gave Kodachi a pointed look. "Don't make a fuss about it, got it? To anyone!"
"Perish the thought," Kodachi assured her. "Now, if you may hurry, the worst of the fighting
has already begun."
Ryūnosuke turned back to Helena. "I won't be out too late, Mom."
Helena nodded. "Do what must be done and take care of yourself, your father and I know you
can do this."
With a broad, determined smile, Ryūnosuke took off ahead of Kodachi, swatting her backside
as she passed her. "Get a move on, if you want to save your neighborhood, Princess!"
"Oh!" Kodachi jumped from the smack and smiled after Ryūnosuke. Looking back at Helena,
she bowed in gratitude, before leaping over the wall and joining her.
@@@@@
Nabiki stared at the gates of Butsumetsu. Not too long ago she'd thought she'd only ever end
up involved with them as a hostage. But here she was, boldly dashing straight into the lion's
den to rally the realm in defense of itself. It was out of character, and she'd be the first to
admit it…
But even without the steady financial compensation for her time and effort, she had to admit
there was something thrilling about this—about this whole conflict in general. A band of
brigands with insane goals waging war with their little community, and even she was doing
her part to defeat them and bring some semblance of tranquility back to a place that was
honestly never peaceful to begin with.
She chuckled at that thought. "… I wonder what comes after this," she mused aloud before
she noticed something off…
"Huh."
Blood.
The scent of it lingered ever slightly in the air, along with the stink of men who had been
exerting a load of effort. Something bad happened here, and recently. Nabiki shook her head
and walked over to the gate, cautiously knocking on it with enough force to be heard.
A boy with curly hair—though matted with sweat—poked his head out from the small crack.
"Who the–?"
He nearly bit his tongue with how fast he bit the question off. "You from Furinkan?"
"I'm Akane's sister." Nabiki confirmed. "They're fighting the Perverts at the school right
now."
As much as the boy seemed to want to complain, he simply sighed in relief. "So those
bastards ain't comin' back."
His pulled open the gate and let her through. "Come on, Boss'll wanna talk to ya."
It wasn't time to quibble and it wasn't time to make a scene, so Nabiki just followed him into
the courtyard. As her gaze swept around, the number of the boys didn't seem too thin, but
there were more than enough bruises and haunted looks to say that it wasn't a bed of roses.
She stopped walking both because she had reached Soban and because the state of the big lug
shocked her.
"Hey." Soban's voice still retained its rumble, but the weariness evident over his body shone
in his voice. The behemoth looked even worse than usual—like he hadn't slept, with his body
swathed in little scraps and cuts. What needed bandaging had been, but it was clear he'd been
put through the ringer. "Sorry, I'm tired."
Sympathy wasn't entirely foreign but Nabiki still had to work to make her words not sound
condescending. "That's okay, you look like you've been through it." That was understating it,
Lum Invader hadn't done this much damage to him.
A chuckle past the large boy's lips as he managed a slight smile. "The guys who came here
got it worse."
Curly cleared his throat. "Yeah, we got a few POWs waiting for us to sort out."
Nabiki saw this bit of posturing for what it was—the boys were worn out and didn't want to
admit as much. "That can wait, you guys gotta get moving."
It was clear the Sickles didn't have quality on the level of Katie or Akane, but they had more
numbers than what Akane was used to thrashing on the daily—if the number of men being
disappeared off the streets for the last few days suggested.
Curly was all too aware of that. "Look, Tendo. I know we had a deal with your sister and her
pal, but we've been at it with those bums for a bit now, and it's stacking up."
Nabiki put a hand to chin, trying to sort things out. She was used to having blackmail or
bartering for such exchanges, ensuring she got what she wanted without paying anything of
value. Problem was she wasn't the principle person who made the pact with them and only by
association to said person had she been allowed to speak without issue.
Compounding this, she wasn't ever dealing with boys on an even field anyways. She either
leveraged Akane or their own vices to ensure she held absolute dominance. Furthermore,
Sōban was obviously only standing so his gang would stick together.
If the wrong move was made, they'd go spilling out and be taken by the next lynchpin that
could offer them the safety they were used to.
Something's off… That thought shot through Nabiki's head again, but she pushed past it. How
do I finesse this? Maybe I can convince them to keep the Sickles pinned so they would have to
stay and be defeated? Can they even do that?
"Wow, Sōban-cha, you look awful!" The voice of Lum Invader drifted down from above,
removing Nabiki's need to say anything.
"Lum," Both Curly and Sōban said as a greeting to the alien princess in her famed tiger
striped bikini.
Floating above, she looked thoughtful, if a bit airheaded, a slight spark of electricity dancing
off her horns. "Goodness, seems everyone's in danger!"
"Tomobiki's been hit hard too huh?" Nabiki asked, curious about what that neighborhood has
been dealing with.
Lum nodded in confirmation. "Yup, there are almost no boys left!"
"Lotta those guys can't even fight…" Curly murmured with actual sympathy.
Whatever bad blood there could have been with their rivals at Tomobiki, bearing the bruises
and bumps from the Sickle Gang's attacks made it vanish like water under a bridge.
"This is a pickle," Lum seemed lost in thought.
"Hope is not lost," a voice called, just off to the side, hidden by the shadows.
"We got a full on invasion going on at Furinkan." Nabiki replied.
"And we're a little beat, and beat up," Curly had to be the bearer of bad news.
"Bah! Nothin' a little grub won't fix, right, Lum?" The mysterious speaker in the shadow said.
"Well maybe," Lum didn't sound convinced, as she wondered who this mysterious person
was.
"It'll just take one bento." The voice promised.
"Really?" Nabiki turned to face the source of the voice. "You got some magic up your
sleeve?"
From the shadows finally emerged one Moroboshi Ataru, carrying a very normal looking
fried chicken bento. In fact, it looked like it was from a corner mart…
Before anyone could really think or react, he strode over with confidence to Sōban, stopping
and holding it out. "Here big fella, you need your strength back."
Lum craned her head in confusion as Sōban didn't move to take it.
"Come on, Shinobu made it and everything; don't hurt her feelings!" Ataru admonished.
BA-BUMP!
"Oh crap, he just-!" Curly finally processed everything and looked at Soban.
The beastly man who towered over everyone else no longer looked tired. In fact, he was
standing ramrod straight, his tanned skin beginning to turn red.
BA-BUMP!
"Ah crap, he said it!" One of the other boys cried out.
Curly grabbed Nabiki and dragged her back from the area around Soban. "Moroboshi, are
you actually stupid?!"
"What? We need him in the fight!" Ataru said, the picture of innocence minus the devil horns
and forked tongue he was sporting.
"He's gonna go berserk and flatten the town!" Curly shot back.
"Nope, just everything between him and this bento!" Ataru said, calmly waving it back and
forth.
BA-BUMP!
"Shi-Shi-Shi-SHIIIIIINOOOOOBUUUUU!" Soban howled, becoming almost entirely
bestial in tone as he bellowed into the night. The building shook, the gates shook, hell the
MOON looked like it was quaking from the might of Sōban's cry!
"Wow!" Lum felt the turbulence and steadied herself in the air. "Goodness, he's back to
normal"
"Normal and that guy don't belong in the same sentence!" Ataru laughed as he held aloft the
bento. "Come and get it, big guy~!"
With that taunt, he did what he was known best for—running as fast as he could out of the
gate. Sōban, without hesitation, leaped over the wall surrounding the school and crashed
down onto the street behind him.
"DAMN IT, MOROBOSHI! HE WAS DOING FINE FOR MONTHS!" Curly yelled at him
before he turned to the rest of the Butsumetsu delinquents. "If you can move ya legs, let's get
after the Boss, boys!" Curly hollered after he had let go of Nabiki. "It's up to us to keep him
outta trouble!"
"Wow, just like that," Nabiki uttered as the courtyard emptied to leave her and Lum.
"Darling normally isn't this proactive," Lum noted.
"If I had to guess, it's because he wants to be seen as the big damn hero who saved my sister
and her friend, which is about in line with his behavior." She shrugged her shoulders. "Saved
me a headache, at least."
There was a rush of air, and Lum was off and flying at speeds that only jealous anger could
drive her to.
Watching the girl fly off, she shrugged her shoulders and pulled out her phone to make a call.
"Hey, my job's done here. The cavalry is on the way."
"Splendid!" Kodachi answered. "Do find a good vantage point, as we all converge for the
climax of this glorious battle!"
@@@@@
Screaming at the top of his lungs, a young man of the Sickle Gang lashed out at Kaori, wildly
swinging down with the gang's signature weapon. The blue and red-clad delivery girl stepped
to her left to avoid the strike. The young man turned towards her, swinging the weapon as he
did. Kaori stepped back from the slash.
Raising the sickle to swing down again, he stopped when Kaori drove two fingers from her
right hand into his belly, balled her left hand into a fist to slam it into his solar plexus, and
then opened her right hand to drive the heel of her palm up into his chin.
Kaori spun, ducking low under the swing of a wooden nightstick aimed for the back of her
head. Catching the leg of her attacker with her right arm, she came up and tripped him
forward—slamming her palm into the falling Sickle Gang member's stomach and launching
him into the arms of two more attackers.
Even as those three toppled over, she had to spring into the air and land atop Mendō's
destroyed mobile command center, where Mendō himself was now cowering to escape the
sea of men in leather surrounding and inside the vehicle.
It was a grim scene—even if the quality of fighters were lacking, the quantity was in dire
need of addressing.
"Why are there so many of these losers?!" She asked herself more than Mendō. "There has to
be close to a thousand of these guys!"
As she said that a Sickle Gang member clambered onto the command center, swinging a
chain over his head like a helicopter rotor. "Yiyiyiyiyiyi–!"
Kaori was faster, dashing in low and fast to deliver a palm thrust so powerful that the
shockwave erupted from the man's back before she turned and kicked him into another
gangster that scrambled up onto the roof, knocking both of them off it.
"I take down one and three more take their place!" She turned to Mendō. "Hey, Shooter! Are
you going to do anything other than hide up here?!"
Mendō shored up his façade as best he could. "I'm not much of a swordsman without a
sword."
He looked down at the mob below as it went unsaid that he would rather not fight this crowd
even if he had two.
Kaori could read it on his face. "This must be a nightmare for you, huh?"
Noise from the crowd below drew her gaze, and Kaori turned to see Dr. Tofu struggling to
keep the wave of men from washing over him.
The good doctor moved with the grace and speed of a flowing stream and his blows landed
with the smashing force of a rock launched from a trebuchet.
But it didn't help. As Kaori described, one fell and three more replaced their fallen comrade.
This is quite uncomfortable. Tofu thought to himself, as his kimono was grabbed at the right-
hand sleeve and pulled by a middle-aged man making strange, happy sounds at the sight of
him. Rather than let himself be dragged down, he slipped his arm out of the sleeve and
brought his hand down to chop the neck of the man, causing him to fall unconscious
instantly.
But it's better they're acting like this towards me than the girls. He concluded before yet
another masked man came at him, wielding a sap—a heavy set of lead weights wrapped in
dense leather to cushion the force of its blow.
"I GOT YOU, STUD!" The masked man jeered, while swinging the sap at Tofu's head.
"You know, I would rather not harm you," Tofu said as he windmilled his staff to parry the
attack, then jabbed the man in the elbow with one end and made the entire man's arm go
limp. "'Do no harm' is the motto of doctors the world over."
The Sickle Gangster looked at his arm—now limp, numb, and not moving when he tried to.
"My arm, what did you–?"
Jabbing with the staff like it were a spear or pool cue, Tofu delivered a salvo of six blows,
striking the man in the face, chest, other arm, and stomach before finishing with a fearsome
uppercut blow to the groin that sent the man sinking to the ground with a silent scream.
"That said, as long as it doesn't hurt, I will hit you as hard as I can."
As if to line up for exactly that, a dozen more of the mad mob surrounded him—taunting,
jeering, and making obscene gestures of invitation to him.
"Well, at least tonight isn't dull." Tofu said to himself with a bit of cheer, his shoulders kept
square and at the ready.
Kaori looked back at Mendō and spoke with the implications dripping from her words. "I
hope you're taking something important from this."
Confident that he wouldn't, she jumped back down, landing in the Doctor's blind spot to parry
and deflect attacks aimed at his back as he covered his front and her back in turn. Her
family's style was one honed from years of beating up deadbeat customers and would-be
thieves. It had no outward basis any familiar with the martial arts would recognize with a
glance, but–
"AGH!" One larger member of the horde cried as a swift uppercut from Kaori sent him
flying.
–it was effective—and painful.
"This is a numbers game, and we're losing," she lamented to Dr. Tofu as he struck pressure
points to disable several more opponents.
When a pair of gangsters rushed her, she jumped to kick one in the face with her right foot,
then sprang off him to kick the other with her left.
Dr. Tofu agreed. "Our difference in strength is being used against us as well."
He struck the arm of a man trying to strike him with the blunt side of a sickle, twirled his
weapon and struck his opponent across the face. "This is making me appreciate Akane's
aptitude at this more and more."
Right as he said that a Sickle Gang member's body cartwheeled through the crowd like a
racing car coming off the track and through its audience. At the other end of the trench of
human bodies carved by the hapless gangster, Akane was already lifting another man off his
feet after swinging the sheathed blade she appropriated off Mendō into his chin.
Turning around quickly, she brought the blade around and bashed another man in the side of
the head, sending him spinning off the weapon as it continued and connected across the solar
plexus of a third man.
As the man doubled over, Akane jumped onto his hunched over back and used her elevated
position to clobber multiple attackers with punishing low kicks before she jumped off and
landed on another gangster's head to drive him into the ground on his back.
"She's not even trying to be gentle," Kaori pointed out.
Dr. Tofu laughed as he poked another man between the eyes with his staff, knocking him out.
"She's never been known to be!"
Akane's violence spree was crowd control, running interference between the Sickle Gang and
Katie as she ran the ones with Kamaitachi.
The Sickle Gang second in command was on the offensive, swinging his weapon in a figure-
eight pattern over and over, trying to open wounds on her arms or torso.
Katie was able to keep the pace, however, earning only shallow cuts on her forearms as she
stepped and weaved, waiting for an opening.
Kamaitachi did not disappoint her, lashing out with an overhead cut that Katie brought her
left arm up to stop the shaft of the weapon and hold its blade away from her body.
"So which side of your family is the gorilla on?" Kamaitachi asked as he pressed his weapon
against Katie's block. "Because I'm betting father, but I'm hoping…"
Katie let go of the shaft of the sickle and lashed out with the back of her hand for his face, but
Kamaitachi slapped the blow away as he opened the distance between them.
"Dagnabbit, is bein' miserable trash all yer capable of?"
"I'm capable of so much more." The implication that the tall girl wasn't worthy of him getting
fancy hung low there.
Katie let out an annoyed huff. "Then show me something! For all the feeding yer boys do,
they ain't got no meat to 'em!"
Kamaitachi spun the sickle in his hand until it resembled a metal disk. "And you call me
miserable, while you refer to men fighting for something real in their lives as meat!"
Katie weaved down and left under Kamaitachi's rising diagonal swing with the spinning
weapon then sprang back from him when he put his whole body into a spin and swung down
to catch her low.
When Kamaitachi brought his hand back from the powerful swing, he let the weapon fly
from his grip—only for Katie to catch it by the handle and throw the weapon blade-first into
the ground.
Kamaitachi rushed in right behind the weapon, and when Katie brought her hand up it was to
block first one, then two, then three spinning kicks. At the end of the third spin kick he
grabbed the back of her head and vaulted into the air above, turning fast as he could to swing
his heel down onto her head.
After Katie crossed her arms over her head to block the heel drop, Kamaitachi switched to
repeatedly stomping on her guard. She weathered the blows, glaring up at him as she shouted.
"Something real in their lives?! The hell kind of shit are you projecting on these people?!"
Planting his feet Kamaitachi somersaulted off her. As he arced backward through the air,
Katie kicked the sickle she embedded in the ground up at him.
The Sickle Gang's second in command caught the weapon at the last possible second before
he landed.
"You could never understand," he spat back at her.
"What in tarnation is there to understand?!" Katie demanded as she closed the distance and
feigned a quick swing for his face that he quickly countered with a swipe from the sickle.
Slipping under the blade, she went in fast and kneed Kamaitachi in the stomach.
Stumbling, Kamaitachi brought the sickle back like he was hacking through wheat, but Katie
caught his right hand and guided him and the weapon past her—only to take the sole of his
boot to her face as he hooked his left leg up and over his head to kick her. Still controlling
him despite the blow, she turned him around while twisting the sickle from his hand.
Relinquishing the weapon, Kamaitachi traded it for stomping Katie's right foot, before
elbowing her in the stomach and shoving her back off him. Turning around, he swung a
roundhouse kick she barely blocked but was still spun around by.
Seeing his opening he advanced on Katie, striking with quick jabs that she first wildly
blocked before retreating while parrying.
"Pervert, weirdo, fetishist! That's all you have to say about us!" He said with his strikes
before he spun and kicked with his left foot, the blow striking Katie's guard like a rifle shot.
"All you can do is try to shame us for what we want to be!"
When he brought his leg up and swung it down to try to hit the crown of Katie's skull, Akane
swung and used a high spin kick to block Kamaitachi's leg.
"Is that why you wear those masks?!" The younger girl demanded, before hooking her leg
around his. She brought hers down, throwing him off his planted foot and into a spin away
from her.
Kamaitachi landed smartly, then strongly blocked a flying drop kick that Katie had aimed for
his chest, the sheer force of the blow throwing him back into the arms of his comrades, who
kept him from falling.
He brought a hand to his face, covering it and bringing attention to the fact that his face was
very much without a mask.
Idiots," he snapped at the two of them, "The mask is a symbol of freedom! So that the wearer
can be who he wants and not be burdened by the lie he's forced to live!"
Pulling his hand away, he stepped away from his comrades, his pulse thumping in his ears as
he broke into a vicious smile. "The Sickle Gang wears their mask to be immune to the shame
and hatred of society, while we fight to be who we are!"
As more Sickle Gang members began to surround them, Katie and Akane both scanned their
opposition while not losing their focus on him. Katie called out.
"It's funny you should say that, since you don't wear a mask."
Kamaitachi laughed bitterly as he was handed two more sickles, one for each hand, by his
soldiers.
"My burden is different."
With flourish he pointed forward with his right hand, commanding his gang to attack. "A
mask isn't enough to bear it!"
As the mob converged, Akane readied her unsheathed blade. "I'll take him, Senpai. Deal with
the fodder!"
"I could use a breather–" Katie said before she stepped forward and slammed a front kick into
the chest of the first leather daddy to reach her.
The shockwave blew down the men behind them and cleared the path to Kamaitachi.
"Light him up, Akaneko!"
Akane shot towards Kamaitachi, swinging her weapon left and right like a club. The men
attempting to close on him were thrown aside, knocked to the ground or thrown into the air
by the sheer force of her blows. Her eyes widened, and her vision red at the edge, she yelled
out loud and swung down vertically onto Kamaitachi, who managed to block the blade with
both of his.
"Urgh… if your friend is a gorilla then you're a chimpanzee!" He spat as he recovered just
fast enough to deflect another swing from Akane, and another as he retreated backward.
"And you're a baboon!" Akane shouted as she pursued.
With both weapons tight in hand, Kamaitachi slashed at Akane—only for her sword to parry
the two swings with one motion. Surprised by the speed she countered with, he went in again,
the wide, sweeping strokes of the weapons meeting the lacquered body of the sheath, not
even chipping it as she deflected his strokes and created an opening to swing the weapon for
his side, forcing him to jump back.
As soon as the gap was opened between them, the second in command baboon's troop fell on
her. Taking the hilt of the sword in both hands like a baseball bat, Akane swung and caught
one of the attacking Sickle Gang members in the side, before swinging him around and using
his body to batter the other closing gangsters.
Even as more of them were thrown aside, more fell in, Kamaitachi letting out a laugh. "Do
you see? This is what conviction looks like, the determination to fight for a better world, and
you idiots are in the way!"
"In the way?!" She yelled back before she ducked under a crowbar swung for her head, and
uppercut her attacker off his feet and over the next oncoming wave.
One more finally got inside her space, behind her, a baseball bat raised above his head.
He didn't have the chance to bring it down as Katie's knee collided with the side of his head.
Landing in the space he vacated, she performed a roundhouse kick that sent another gangster
backflipping onto his face.
"We were minding our own business just fine until you decided to make your nonsense our
problem!" Katie roared back.
Feinting an overhead strike, Akane dipped her sword down and then violently swung it up,
catching another man in the chin before spin-kicking him towards Kamaitachi.
He caught the projectile leather enjoyer, and barely had a chance to set him aside when he
had to defend first against Akane thrusting her sword for his chest, and then Katie's flying
crescent kick that came over top Akane's head like a cruise missile low over the horizon.
The kick connected, and Kamaitachi bowled over many members of his gang as he tumbled
along the ground.
Akane blinked in surprise and then looked at Katie. "Senpai… that was clean."
Katie chuckled. "What can I say? Your lead's easy to follow."
"Kamaitachi!" Numerous members of the Sickle Gang cried out in worry, as Kamaitachi got
back up and rubbed his nose with his forearm. His grip on his weapons was still vice-tight.
"I'm fine!" He snapped back, his voice tinged with indignation for taking such a strike. "At
the end of the night, they're so few against so many of us."
All around Katie and Akane, the ranks of the Sickle Gang seemed to not diminish at all. The
same could be said of Kaori and Dr. Tofu, backed against the side of the destroyed command
center. Atop the ruined vehicle, Mendō Shūtaro swallowed nervously as leering gazes fell on
both Dr. Tofu and him. So preoccupied he was with the crowd in front of him, he did not
notice the several Sickle Gang Members quietly climbing onto the wreckage behind him.
Katie spat on the ground. "Conviction? Determination? Y'all got nothing but a whole messa
dudes."
"You jump people in the dead of night!" Akane added.
Kaori called out. "People are too busy laughing at you to have their guard up!"
"Whatever struggle you're fighting for," Dr. Tofu added, "Is won by nothing but the shame
and guilt you claim to despise!"
Kamaitachi narrowed his eyes, as Akane gestured to them. "How many of these guys are here
because they're too ashamed to not take off the mask?"
For the first time since the wild melee began, the energy of the battle shifted. Among the
battered and the bruised, the army in leather-clad quietly faltered and shared quiet looks.
Katie called out after Akane.
"How many of y'all are only doing this because you'll never be able to look your wives or
kids or parents or even yer own dang friends in the eye if they knew you were squeezed into
leather booty shorts and studded vests and told to beat up teenage girls?!"
Kamaitachi drew back in shock as he heard the wave of murmurs radiate around him. "Oi!
OI! Don't listen to them!"
"Yeah! Don't listen to them!" A bold, sharp voice called out.
Katie and Akane looked back and found three members of the Sickle Gang surrounding
Mendo. It was Megane, Perm, and Kakugari in their full sickle gang regalia.
Lum's Stormtroopers, now Leathertroopers, held a sickle, a cricket bat, and a mallet
respectively to Mendō's head.
"They've taken Mendō hostage, oh noooo…" Akane said in a dull, unenthused, and
supremely sarcastic tone, hopeful that something bad was about to happen to him.
"Call it shameful, call it degenerate," Megane extolled, "But the struggle of men denied is not
to be spoken of lightly!"
Kaori's left eye twitched. "What is this idiot talking about?"
"Who in tarnation is this bag of hot air?" Katie grumbled to Akane.
Megane, determined to be heard as much as hear his own voice, continued. "After losing our
country, being branded as landless on our own land, yet still expected to submit to the twisted
expectations and customs that benefit anyone but us, why would men not rebel against the
oppression of a tyrannical society?!"
He held aloft his sickle. "Look around you, at the achievements of men, at the world that was
built by our hands and then taken by the undeserving! This is what we are fighting for—to
reclaim it, and our place in it! No more being cogs in the machine, no more being derided as
perverts or delinquents for our passions! No more being expected to bow down with our
heads on the floor to those weaker than us!"
Katie's brow furrowed in frustration as Megane's speech had its intended effect, and the
murmurs that her and Akane's prior questions started fell silent. "Ugh, another bona fide
Flavor-Aid drinker."
Kamaitachi let out a laugh. "Well said, my guy… you really have the spirit."
"But spirit alone is not enough."
And suddenly everyone was at high alert, as the crowd behind Kamaitachi parted and
Madame Kamenbell and his entourage slowly stepped forth and joined his side.
Katie stared in confusion at the outlandishly dressed old man. "Wait a second… is that the ol'
VP?"
"Okamada-sens…?" Akane stopped and made a face. "… Oh no, that's lame. Offensive
even."
Kaori gawked at the flamboyantly dressed leader of the Sickle Gang. "This is the head
honcho?"
Dr. Tofu nodded. "It would seem so."
She made her own face. "Ugh, how did Ucchan lose to this weirdo?!"
"Madame Kamenbell!" Megane shouted, others quickly joining in.
Mendō was the most disgusted of everyone here. "He's the weirdest one yet…"
Megane whirled upon him. "Don't insult Madame Kamenbell, he is the face of our
revolution!"
"The ugliest revolution since 1949," Mendō muttered.
Madame Kamenbell extended a hand out to Mendō. "Young man, why speak ill of the Sickle
Gang? We fight so that all men can reclaim their world."
Mendō rolled his eyes. "Two simple reasons: I despise so-called men like you, and I am son
of the Mendō family—I already stand at the top of the world."
Katie shrugged her shoulders. "I'll let him have that."
"I won't, YOU SUCK!" Akane yelled out at Mendō.
Madame Kamenbell continued as if what Mendō said never mattered. "And now that I have
appeared, the hour of our victory is at hand."
He gestured to Akane and Katie. "Move aside, do not stand between destiny and I."
"Nah," Katie bluntly replied.
"No," Akane sharply answered simultaneously.
Madame Kamenbell then stepped aside and brought the blade of his scythe to Soun's neck. "I
am not asking."
Anger flashed across Akane's face. "DAD!"
He brought it closer to Soun's neck and Katie lashed out her hand to grab the back of Akane's
collar. She immediately froze in place, teeth bared in fury.
Soun appeared calm despite the situation he was in. "Akane! Do not attack this man rashly."
"Listen to your father," Madame Kamenbell taunted, dipping into his more sedate tone as
Vice Principal Okamada. "Show that you have some kind of respect for authority."
Katie agreed. "He's right, hon. Don't run at him all angry like, now."
Still bristling, Akane remained still. "How dare you lay a hand on my family?!"
"No one of yours have come to harm…" Madame Kamenbell scanned the battlefield of his
wounded and battered, his eyes narrowing in disgust. "And I have been extremely generous
in that regard."
"When you let yer dogs off leash, it's on you if they get bit or get hit," Katie coldly retorted.
Speaking of dogs, Kamaitachi looked on at Madame Kamenbell with all the adoration of a
puppy just happy to be here. "You were able to get the key?"
"Yes. Soon our world will be ours," his master replied as he began walking forward—urging
Soun to walk with him up to Katie and Akane.
Katie glared at Madame Kamenbell, and then at Kamaitachi. "You realize that what he wants
is insane, right?"
"And stupid!" Akane added forcefully.
There was a bitter laugh, as Kamaitachi shot back. "Anything to ease my burden."
Katie did the slightest double-take. "Hang on, what…?"
Her kouhai snorted in derision. "Whatever, you delusional–!"
Katie pulled Akane back again, keeping her from lashing out at Madame Kamenbell and
allowing him to walk past.
Giving both girls a felonious side-eye, Madame Kamenbell continued on towards the school
with Soun beside him.
"The two of you needn't worry," he said without looking back. "In spite of all you are now,
you will be welcomed openly into the beautiful world that awaits."
Soun gave Madame Kamenbell his own sinister look, as the extravagantly dressed man
chuckled. "In fact, I hope you will be the first to embrace what is to come. It will be…
poetic."
Out loud he called to his right hand.
"Kamaitachi! Compel them to embrace destiny, with all the force you can muster." He said
before he and Soun disappeared through the school's gates.
His subordinate snapped into his salute. "Yes, Madame Kamenbell!"
Akane was bristling. "We need to go after them!"
"We're gonna," Katie replied as the crowd of Sickle Gang members began to close in again.
"We just need our exit."
Kamaitachi began advancing towards them. "None of you are going anywhere, not when
we're so close to creating our beautiful world of men!"
Kakugari looked at Megane. "Wait, what was he talking about just now?"
"Yeah," Perm spoke up, "The vibe's getting a little weird, man."
Puffing up his chest, Megane blustered. "Without a doubt, he speaks of the path of our
ascendance to glorious manhood, our heavenly mandate, our key to a successful
insurrection!"
Mendō looked up at him. "Are you sure about that? Because after seeing that weirdo, I'm
starting to wonder if you like Lum, or are just using her to avoid allegations."
Offended at both the insinuation and the besmirching of his dearest Lum, Megane glared
down at him. "Allegations of what?!"
The sound of heavy panting and strain caught the attention of both Mendo and the
Stormtroopers, and they found Moroboshi Ataru climbing onto the wrecked command center.
"You know…" he said while trying to catch his breath. "… The weird leather outfit… the
masks they have you wear… at certain bars… and I think I heard… a radio playing… Livin'
La Vida Loca…"
"Moroboshi?!" Both Mendō and Megane shouted together in anger.
Ataru held up a hand. "Hold on… I just ran all the way here… from Butsumetsu… I need a
second…"
He took several long, deep breaths, and then did a double-take. "Oh? Hey! Mendō! Dig the
drip, you almost look cool."
He walked over and handed a bento box to him. "Here. This is for you, then."
Mendō stared at the bento, surprised, before turning a suspicious look at his rival. "Wait, what
is this?"
"Just a bento Shinobu made," Ataru said as he headed back over to the edge of the command
center's roof and sat down to slide off it. "Enjoy!"
Mendō looked at the box in his hand. "A bento… made by Shinobu?"
At that moment, he thought of Miyake Shinobu. The kind girl who was beautiful and kind in
her own way, grounded—down to Earth even—in contrast to the exotic Lum Invader and the
tomboyishly brash Ryūnosuke.
A pang of longing struck him. He realized he missed her; he missed all the girls from
Tomobiki–
Wait.
Moroboshi said he'd come running all the way here from Butsumetsu.
Mendō knew Moroboshi was talented both as a sprinter and a distance runner, but he had run
all the way from Butsumetsu to Furinkan enough to be out of breath like that.
So, he was running faster and harder than usual.
Quickly he strung the facts together.
Ataru was running for his life.
From Butsumetsu.
With a bento box.
Made by Shinobu.
That he just gave to him.
The roof of the command center began to sway, and the ground beneath it trembling all but
confirmed his newly realized fears.
"Oh no," he said in quiet horror.
Dr. Tofu and Kaori felt the rumbling too, as well as all the Sickle Gang.
"What is that…?" Dr. Tofu asked, worriedly, as the rumbling grew stronger.
Kaori looked past the confused crowd around them, as Katie and Akane recognized the
approach and got ready. "I think… we need to move!"
They did just in time. With all the physical force of a runaway freight train, Sōban smashed
through what remained of Mendō's expensive mobile command center, sending the Sickle
Gang Members around it, Mendō himself, and Lum's Leather Troopers flying in every
direction with the wreckage.
"SHIIIIIINOOOOOBUUUUU!"
He bellowed like the very horn of the freight train he hit with the same force as.
"SHINOBU BENTOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Kamaitachi turned with alarm towards the human calamity mowing through his ranks. "What
the hell?!"
As if that wasn't bad enough, a great racket was streaming in behind him. The war cries of
young men, the rough and tumble delinquents of Butsumetsu High School filled the air as
they arrived in full charge. Curly at the front of it.
"LOOKS LIKE MOROBOSHI LED US RIGHT INTO THE THICK OF IT! OKAY, YA
BUMS! START KICKING ASS AND SNATCHING MASKS! THE PUNK WHO BRINGS
BACK THE MOST GETS FIRST DIBS ON BREAD AT THE COMMISSARY!"
With that motivation, many fists rose up as the Butsumetsu students yelled out as one. "OI!"
Sōban's gang, like the wake of an out-of-control battleship, crashed into and washed over the
Sickle Gang, punches and kicks flying as Madame Kamenbell's insurrection turned into a
full-blown riot. Amidst the chaos, Mendō hit the ground and rolled, Shinobu's bento box
landing on and spilling all over him.
"Gah! Oh come on, this fit's expensive!" Mendō shouted out. "And my weekly allowance is
only five hundred million yen, now!"
He wiped some of the bento off and stopped when he saw in his hand a clump of rice and a
sausage cut like a cute little octopus.
Paling, he turned and looked up to see Sōban, his massive mouth wide open with tongue
hanging out, with every intent to eat the contents of the bento even if it meant devouring him,
too.
"Moroboshi you bastard!" Mendō screamed as he began running for his life, pushing aside
and making his way through the Sickle Gang to try to keep ahead of the human steam roller
behind him that flattened those not pushed far enough out of the way.
Katie, satisfied to see the arrival of the cavalry, turned to Akane. Both nodded and spoke as
one. "And that's our cue!"
Both girls sprinted for the gate in pursuit of Madame Kamenbell and Soun. Realizing they
were getting away, Kamaitachi bristled and took off after them.
"You're not going anywhere near Madame Kamenbell!" He shouted before he leaped forward
and fell towards Akane's back to kick her.
Akane looked back and prepared to defend herself when Ryūnosuke imposed herself between
her and Kamaitachi to block his kick with right arm raised strongly in defiance, surprising
her.
"Ah?! It's you!"
Though she was wearing a short skirt and t-shirt, Akane quickly recognized the formerly
bitter tomboy. Her knuckles already scratched and bruised from fighting her way through the
crowd to get here, Ryūnosuke shoved Kamaitachi back and assumed a low, open stance with
her right hand and foot leading.
"Get going!" She called back. "I'm getting my getback!"
"Thanks!" Akane and Katie shouted before both hopped over their school's wall and into the
courtyard.
Kamaitachi stared at Ryūnosuke in confusion. "Getback? Who are…?"
He stopped when he recognized her voice. "Wait, is that you, Tama-kun?"
Ryūnosuke scoffed. "Who else would it be? If you want to get by me, you gotta fight me!"
Clenching his teeth, Kamaitachi assumed a more aggressive forward stance, the knife edge of
his right hand aimed at Ryūnosuke.
"Fine then, I don't mind a little bit of light work before I go clean up the mess the Madame's
about to make."
Chapter End Notes
Ataru Moroboshi: "Roses are red, no man beside me shall prosper. With this handmade
bento I summon: Big Sōban, the Opp Stopper."
Chapter 39: Demolition
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Madame Kamenbell and Soun, walking briskly, reached the girl's locker room as the racket of
Sōban's arrival reached their ears.
Stopping to look back towards the noise, Madame Kamenbell sighed. "Such passionate
young men, bent to the deranged will of true degenerates like those daughters of yours."
Soun took offense. "I beg your pardon. Do not speak ill of my children."
"I speak honestly of them. From the moment your youngest began attending this school,
everything that I had built since the Principal's departure has crumbled away into dust."
Madame Kamenbell's sweeping melodrama had vanished, replaced by Okamada Kamoyo's
passive-aggressive, soft-spoken seething.
"This school was peaceful, it was protected, and most importantly its shining student was the
one Kuno that I could stand to bear."
More than aware of what this man was about, Soun rolled his eyes. "More like one you could
stand to wait to come of age."
Madame Kamenbell turned a sharp, withering gaze onto him, and Soun was almost giddy that
he struck a nerve. "Oh, don't look at me like you haven't been forcing teenage boys to wear
fetish outfits before feeding them to my daughter the meat grinder."
He let out a chuckle. "It's only fitting, really, that you and my Old Master would come to hate
one another…"
The masked Madame tightened his grip on his scythe as Soun spoke.
"… You are exactly like him, in every disgusting sense! Only your choice of victims differ–!"
And there it was, Madame Kamenbell swinging his scythe with such force that when Soun
ducked under it, the displaced air carved a gouge into the wall of the girl's locker room. With
his own great speed, Soun lunged to palm thrust him in the sternum, but Madame
Kamenbell's free hand came up to parry the strike.
Fast! Soun thought before slapping aside Kamenbell's parrying hand when he tried to punch
him with it and jumped back from a downward strike of the scythe. And he can attack like the
Kuno boy!
"I do not need a hostage if you're not going to cooperate," Madame Kamenbell snarled as he
wound up and swung again.
Soun saw the swing coming, and with another burst of speed moved his arm to parry.
However, the Scythe was just slightly faster and the air it moved struck him and threw him
into the side of the school proper with a loud thud.
Soun sank to the ground, limp with blood trickling from his mouth.
Scowling, Madame Kamenbell turned and rushed inside of the girl's locker room. He knew
he had to get to the Shrine quickly.
Not ten seconds later, Katie and Akane came around the corner, quickly spotting Soun.
"Dad!" Akane shouted as she ran to him. "Are you okay?!"
Soun tilted his head up and smiled. "Oh, I'm fine. I just had to play dead for a moment."
Katie looked at the large cuts on both the side of the building and on the ground. "Geez… did
that old weirdo do this?"
Growing more serious, Soun warned them. "Be extremely careful when you face him. For his
age he is tremendously fast, and that scythe can cut past its reach. I could not identify his
fighting style, but he is competent in his skill."
Katie nodded. "So, treat him like Kuno with a scythe, got it."
Akane grumbled. "He's already every bit as delusional."
She patted her father on the shoulder. "Go find Dr. Tofu and get patched up. We're going to
kick Okamada's butt and put an end to this nonsense now."
Soun smiled again. "Take care, both of you, and Akane?"
When Akane looked at him expectantly, he patted her on the head. "I am proud of how strong
you've become. Well done."
"Aww…" Katie cooed as Akane brightened, and then gave her father a hug.
Turning around and standing up, she nodded to the taller girl. "Senpai, let's end this!"
"Lead the way, Akaneko," Katie said, and both girls entered the locker room.
@@@@@
The brawl outside of the school's walls had devolved into complete anarchy. Members of the
Sickle Gang were desperately fighting left and right with the Butsumetsu delinquents, Kaori,
and Dr. Tofu when they weren't being trampled or flung aside by the rampaging Sōban hell-
bent on getting the smallest taste of bento off Mendō even if he had to lick it off his body.
"For the love of all that is good, Shinobu-chan probably didn't even make the bento!" Mendō
yelled back at Sōban as he threw two more Sickle Gang members in his path.
All Sōban heard was Shinobu and Bento, as he swung his arm and sent the two hapless young
men flying into the school's wall with enough force to crack it.
"SHINOBU BENTOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Looking back in terror at Sōban, Mendō looked ahead and found Kaori in his path, rapidly
kicking a Sickle Gang member in the face. "Look out, get out of the way!"
Kaori slammed her opponent with a final kick, before she narrowly avoided the fleeing
Mendō. When Sōban came bowling after her, she yelped in surprise and tried to jump back to
get some distance between them so she could move in a different direction—but Sōban was
moving so fast that he cleared the distance before her feet touched the ground again.
"… Crap… how is he so fast?!" Kaori wondered before Sōban was abruptly stopped by a
powerful blow to the chest from Dr. Tofu's quarterstaff. "Ah! Doc!"
Gripping the staff in both hands, Dr. Tofu glanced at Kaori. "Move!"
The weapon shattered in his grip, as both martial artists leaped clear of Sōban, the sheer force
of his forward momentum scattering them and nearby Sickle Gang members like leaves.
Kaori managed to stick her landing, while Dr. Tofu hit the ground roughly and slid on his
backside for a short distance.
"That young man is impossibly strong…!" The doctor gasped.
Kaori shook her head. "I'd say I'm glad he's on our side, but right now he's more a force of
nature than an ally…!"
She turned and called over to Mendō. "Hey! How about making yourself useful and keeping
him pointed at the Sickle Gang, rich boy?!"
Always happy to please any woman, Mendō called back to Kaori. "As you wish~!"
The instant he looked away, his face was a mask of panic and rage. "If I find you, Moroboshi,
I'm ending you once and for all!" He screamed before a raindrop struck him in the face.
"Huh?"
Amidst the chaos of combat, a cold rain began to fall, creating an eerie, illusionary calm as
Ryūnosuke and Kamaitachi faced one another.
Their hands raised as the rain fell steadily, they inched closer to one another, neither
immediately going on the attack while waiting for the other to make the first move.
Kamaitachi knew he was at a disadvantage. He'd already been fighting Katie and Akane, and
Ryūnosuke appeared relatively fresh.
He'd also been disarmed of any weapons, and was behind on the attritional front, so he
needed to win decisively.
He wasn't going to do it fighting this girl.
He needed the one he fought last time.
"So," he said, "What's changed between last time and now… aside from your trashy taste in
clothes?"
Ryūnosuke snorted as they crept into striking distance. "My sister picked these clothes out for
me, thanks."
He had her. "You're better off dressing as a boy and being true to yourself!"
Kamaitachi lunged, feinting a right jab that Ryūnosuke deflected with both hands. When he
brought his elbow up to strike her chin, she caught his arm then kneed him in the stomach.
The blow caught him by surprise, and the second knee to his stomach almost stole the wind
from his lungs before he broke free.
Ryūnosuke rushed him down. "Bring that ass here, boy!"
She tried to stomp on his right foot, forcing him to swap the position of his feet and fall on
the defensive—using both hands to block two jabs and an uppercut.
He lashed out with a crescent kick to create space between them, but Ryūnosuke ducked and
came up in a somersault kick, nearly clipping his chin and causing him to stumble back.
She zigzagged in, springing from one foot to the other with her hands up and her chin low,
then let Kamaitachi have it with a quick left hook to his jaw. He deflected it away with the
back of his right hand, then caught her right hook at the wrist with his other hand.
Kamaitachi flung her hand out, and tried to front kick her in the chest, but she caught his leg
with both hands and used her right foot to sweep his standing leg from under him.
Falling onto his back, Kamaitachi got his grappled leg free and kicked Ryūnosuke off him
before she could secure him on the ground.
"Hup!" Kamaitachi called as he kicked up onto his feet. Blocking the kick Ryūnosuke
attempted to punish him with and swinging a heavy right cross back.
Ryūnosuke diverted it and fired back with a left hook. Kamaitachi's right hand raised to parry
the hook over his head. Within the same movement he threw up a right middle kick to try and
take the girl out entirely.
"Hoh!" Ryunosuke cried, spinning away from the kick to do two whole rotations before
throwing a flying left high kick.
Kamitachi ducked, before back hopping the follow-up back kick that covered the fancy
retreat.
"Where did these hands come from?" He asked. "I remember you being a pushover, Tama-
kun!"
"I always had them!" Ryūnosuke shouted as she went in again. "Where did you find yours, in
the Alabasta Arc?!"
He ducked a left cross, then grabbed and shoved down the knee she slipped in behind it. He
came up swinging, his punch combo meeting the sturdy guard of a wily opponent who
slipped when he expected her to slide.
The gap was too narrow, he needed to open it.
"Strong as you are," he said as he blocked her punches, and then tried to hit her back. "You
could be stronger."
"I'm working on it!" She snapped back with a snap kick that he roughly blocked.
He went low and she went high, jumping over his attempted leg sweep and turning in mid-air
to back kick him, the blow connecting with his raised left arm and sending him tumbling
across the ground.
"And I'll get there!"
He caught himself and sprang back at her. "You'll never reach it!"
Meeting again, the duo fell into an almost dance-like rhythm amongst the strewn bodies and
the sounds of Soban's roars as he chased Mendō in the background.
"There is a limit!" He
blocked one of her kicks.
"To how far!"
He punched but she weaved under it.
"A girl can go!"
He swung a kick, but she blocked and stepped out from him.
"You're better off…" He closed in, his lightning-fast right jab aimed for her jaw.
"… As a man!"
With a loud, echoing clap, she caught his fist in her left hand.
Looking at him with flame-filled eyes, Ryūnosuke wasn't about to let that slide.
"Oi. For someone happy to talk about how weak we are? You sure do hit like a girl."
Kamaitachi was supposed to be making her angry.
Why was nothing he said jabbing in this hot-blooded, stubborn idiot's ego?
It was a question he'd be asking himself—had he not flown into a screaming rage at her
insult.
"WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL ME?!"
He exploded as he snatched his hand free and swung a kick that, even when Ryūnosuke
blocked, lifted her off her feet and threw her back.
She landed, sliding backward along the pavement, but stuck it. Down she went, narrowly
evading the hard right cross that was barely a half-second behind her, and grabbed
Kamaitachi's extended arm to throw him at the wall of the school.
In midair he recovered, landed in a crouch on the wall, jumped up to the top of a nearby light
pole, and then launched himself down at her in a flying kick she jumped back to avoid with a
quick spin at the top of her airborne evasion.
"I called you…!" She sidestepped the punch Kamaitachi tried to plant in her throat. "… A
girl…!"
She grinned as she ducked under one kick, and then another. "Because you hit like…!"
She parried two more punches, deflecting both his strikes down to keep his arms low and
unable to stop the round house kick she connected with his left jaw.
"… A GIRL!"
Kamaitachi slid in the direction of Ryūnosuke's kick, his head turned to the right. Wide-eyed,
pupils dilated as he shook from both the force of the blow, and the anger coursing through
him.
He snapped his gaze back onto her with the intensity of a laser.
"Don't you dare call me a girl…!"
Fleet of foot, Ryūnosuke sprinted and jumped to swing a left spin kick that Kamaitachi barely
held his guard through. Coming off the kick she lashed out with her right leg, he ducked
under. When she landed he came up, trying to punch her in the gut with his left hand.
She stepped and turned to Kamaitachi's right, grabbing his arm and pulling him into another
knee to the gut with her right leg. She switched legs, lifting him off his feet with her left knee
to his gut and sending him rolling along the ground.
When he stopped himself, his left hand came down on a sickle. "I said…!"
He sprang up. "Stop calling me a girl!"
He lashed out and threw the sickle at Ryūnosuke.
Her right hand a blur, she snatched the weapon out of the air and whipped it into the ground
beside her.
She couldn't help herself. "You throw like a girl, too!"
Kamaitachi tore off towards Ryūnosuke, his vision red, his breath loud and ragged.
It was over. Ryūnosuke prepared herself; whatever Kamaitachi was going to throw at her
next, it was going to be angry. It was going to be filled with all his hate and frustration.
"Damn it…!" Kamaitachi screamed as he cocked his fist for the punch and leaped at her. "I'M
A MAN!"
Ryūnosuke was already launching her own punch, when the familiar, enraged lament reached
her.
"Ah."
In the next instant her cross-counter connected.
@@@@@
Hurrying as fast as he could, Madame Kamenbell reached the bottom of the stairs and all but
stumbled into the Fox Shrine. Hurrying, his flowing garments trailing behind him, he rushed
to the statue and all but collapsed onto it in a dramatic embrace.
"Finally… finally!" He gasped out. "After battling Happosai… after years of despair… after
bowing my head and gritting my teeth…!"
He searched his pockets and held aloft the crescent-shaped key. With trembling hands, he
affixed the key into the center of the statue's head. Immediately, the blue jewel shone, a light
that soon appeared in the lines of the statue before crisp, extremely cold water began to pour
from the statue's mouth in a laminar flow.
The water poured first into the reservoir, and then began down the multiple channels towards
the pool at the center of the Shrine.
"It is finally in my grasp," he all but sobbed, "My beautiful world of men…!"
"Well shoot," Katie said from behind him, "If this were horseshoes or hand grenades, you'd
be a winner."
He rose to his feet and whirled around to face both her and Akane standing at the entrance to
the Shrine. He narrowed his eyes, cursing Kamaitachi for not delaying them.
Both girls assumed their fighting stances as Katie continued. "As it goes, all you're gonna be
is an old pervert who watched his dream evaporate into nothin'."
Madame Kamenbell took the scythe in both hands. "At this point, the two of you should
remain women forever. The thought of you being part of my world is unacceptable."
With the sheathed sword secured to her back, Akane grabbed the hilt and slowly drew it from
its scabbard—revealing a blade with an edge as black as Mendō's tacky antihero arc attire. "I
will take that as a compliment," she said as she took the blade in both hands and aimed its
point at Madame Kamenbell.
Rather than open with his monumental speed and attack, Madame Kamenbell began to walk
towards the girls, holding his scythe in front of him, parallel to the ground, the very tip at his
right side scratching a white line into the smooth stone floor of the Shrine.
"Your very existence sickens me," he spat. "Carrying on as you do, wrapping your fingers
around the hearts and souls of men… crushing them carelessly in your grip! Laughing at their
despair! Herding them like animals when they inconvenience you!"
He drew closer, his grip tightening on the weapon. "Living lies, the very antithesis of your so-
called femininity! Vicious savages not even fit to be called human with your brutality and
lack of mercy!"
Raising the scythe he stopped, his face flushed with rage. "Tendo Akane! Izurando Katie! I
will cut you down!"
"That's enough, you pervert," Akane snapped back.
Katie agreed. "Are you gonna box or not?"
He answered promptly, going from zero to swinging his scythe to bisect both in one stroke.
He would have, too, if the girls were straw dummies affixed to posts. Akane swung her sword
up, catching the scythe at the base of its blade, stopping Kamenbell and leaving him open for
Katie to connect her right shin with the side of his head via a high roundhouse.
Off his feet Madame Kamenbell went, crashing through a support pillar of the shrine and into
the wall several meters beyond it.
With a yell Madame Kamenbell shot from the dust cloud, lunging at Akane with the spear tip
at the bottom of his scythe's shaft aimed for her heart. With an upward swing of the blade,
she deflected the spear-tip up and away.
When she lunged to strike his chest, he spun the scythe, blocking the repeated swings before
attempting to sweep Akane's legs with the scythe's blade.
Akane swung the sword down and to her left, catching the scythe again. This time Kamenbell
reversed, trying to cut across her arms and chest with the spear tip, but she retreated and
parried the scythe blade upward when he brought it around in a wider circle.
Raising the sword up to level with her head, blade tip aimed at Madame Kamenbell, she shot
forward and tried to stab him in the shoulder. Madame Kamenbell jumped up, spinning above
Akane to swing the scythe down and hook her in the back, but she dove forward and escaped
the cut.
When he landed, he raised the scythe up again like he was going to attack Akane, but instead
pivoted and swung down on Katie as she tried to get in close. Closely she sidestepped the
swing, and backed up and from side to side as Madame Kamenbell spun the scythe like a
baton.
"Your precious kouhai had the sense to bring a blade," he taunted as he spun around and
swung the blade up, parrying Akane's attempt at sneak-attacking his back.
Still turning his weapon hand over hand, he changed the angle creating another wide circle
where Akane had to duck under the blade while Katie had to hop over it before both got clear.
"What exactly do you intend to do with just your fists besides getting them lopped off?!"
With another burst of speed, he shot to Katie's left side and swung at her, but she ducked the
blade, turned, and brought her right heel up to drive it into the side of his head.
"Just shut up and box!" She shouted as her blow connected.
Knocked off his footing, he scrambled to block Akane when she jumped in with a falling
vertical cut. Turning around and coming up, Katie jumped and kicked him in the shoulder,
fully throwing him off his feet.
Madame Kamenbell caught himself and spun, before landing on his feet and facing the girls.
Both got ready, but it was Katie who opened the next skirmish, running straight into the
threat range.
With speed that made the scythe look like a tasseled blur, Kamenbell tried to slice Katie's
feet, but she hopped over consecutive rotating slashes before she got her right leg in and
caught the scythe above the spear end, stopping the weapon.
"Gotcha, bitch!" She called as she kicked Kamenbell in the stomach and then in the mouth
with that same leg. Turning as she moved in; she drove her left elbow up behind her to catch
him in the chin.
Madame Kamenbell flailed, sloppily swinging at Katie as she jumped out and Akane stepped
in. With the sword held low, she swung up powerfully and knocked the scythe up and away.
Just as quickly she flipped the blade around and swung down, forcing the scythe down to the
floor before she planted the tip of her sword into the ground and let it go. Jumping, she spin-
kicked Madame Kamenbell in the face.
Bodily, Madame Kamenbell crashed through another support of the shrine, and landed flat on
his back beside the spring's tap.
Grabbing the hilt of her sword, Akane pulled it out of the ground and took the weapon in
both hands as Katie rejoined her side.
"There's some real skill there," Katie called out. "You definitely used to be something in your
prime."
Akane pointed the sword at him again as the two advanced on him with caution. "But you're
just a bitter, creepy old man."
She looked at the spring's tap, then back at him. "One who wants to ogle boys all day."
Madame Kamenbell kicked back up onto his feet, landing all ten toes down. He swept his
scythe out in front of him and held it low like a hockey stick. "I am far from finished!"
He moved in a flash. Akane could barely track him, and narrowly blocked his attack. As she
was pushed back, he brought the spear end up and its tip scratched Katie's face before he
kicked her in the chest and sent her colliding with another shrine support.
Her back to it, Katie coughed and then turned away from a vertical swing that cut deep into
the support. Yanking the blade out, he swung horizontally, cutting clean through the support
but missing Katie as she jumped clear.
Seeing Madame Kamenbell cut through the support to try to get at Katie and noticing the
other two pillars that they had put him through, Akane had an idea. "Senpai!"
Katie was of the same mind as she dodged another diagonal slash from Madame Kamenbell
and got behind him. "I was thinking the same thing!"
Turning in place, Madame Kamenbell performed an uppercut, but Katie leaped outside the
reach and across the center pool. Howling like a ghoul, Madame Kamenbell jumped after and
fell on Katie, spinning in a full quadruple axel before slashing down at her.
Katie jumped back, and the scythe's tip was barely in the floor for a half second before
Madame Kamenbell yanked it out of the stone and slashed out at Akane, who ducked under
and slashed up at his mask.
He moved his head to the side, and the blade cut a sliver of its corner off before he punished
her with a punt-like kick to her stomach that sent her stumbling.
Quickly she recovered, and blocked numerous hard slashes with the sword, sparks flying
from the blades when they met. Each successful strike pushed her back, towards the spring
tap again.
"I have cut down men stronger than you, older than you! I brought them to their knees and
into my army!" He yelled with each slash. "And you have the arrogance to fight me?!"
With his angry howl, he slashed through another pillar, Akane had dove past Madame
Kamenbell, landing in a slide and coming to a stop beside the pillar opposite of the one he'd
just cut through. Still yelling, Madame Kamenbell turned and swung the weapon, and Akane
kept low as the razor-sharp displaced air slashed through the support.
"Ain't nobody hearing about you having dudes on their knees!" Katie taunted from behind
him, near the second to last pillar of the shrine.
Screaming, Madame Kamenbell turned and threw his scythe at Katie. The weapon was not
unlike a buzzsaw, carving through the support when Katie ducked, and bounced off one wall
and then another to fly back to him. When he caught the weapon, the momentum caused him
to spin back towards the center of the chamber, and the edge of the now halfway full pool.
Akane got up and looked at Katie.
Katie looked at Akane.
Both looked at the last remaining support pillar, back at each other, and nodded.
"You know what? It's a real dang shame that this is going to end the way it is," Katie said
aloud to Madame Kamenbell. "The whole reason I even came here to the SAD, to this here
school, is because I ended up with a non-zero amount of blood on my hands at my old one."
That prompted a surprised glance from Akane, but she stayed focused on Madame
Kamenbell.
"Why am I not surprised, you Chinese gorilla?" Madame Kamenbell asked.
Katie snorted at his racist sneer. "Man, you're going out on top, tonight." Her expression
turned cold immediately. "But nah, as soon as I understood exactly what this is… what you
are? This was ending in the worst way for you."
Akane readied her sword, as Katie assumed her stance. "Ain't a man alive in your Sickle
Gang who don't believe that you can make the world better for 'em. But they want a world
where they're free, where they don't gotta live in shame for not meetin' society's expectations,
where they aren't ostracized for bein' what they are."
Madame Kamenbell once more readied his scythe. This time he was certain; they would be
cut down and he would be done with them.
"But that ain't what you're offering…" she growled. "All this is to you, is a fantasy. Muscled
up, shirtless men in tight clothes, fawning all over you as their beloved madame. A twisted,
perverse dream where you can ogle, and touch, and partake in any and every man you like!"
Akane sneered. "All of this is just for your enjoyment, and we're not letting you get away
with that, anymore!"
Madame Kamenbell's eyes widened with their accusation. His teeth clenched at the
declaration that followed as both girls got ready.
"We're burying you and your dream right here!"
Madame Kamenbell charged them. "Die, both of you obnoxious women! So that my
beautiful men can be free!"
Akane and Katie met his charge, the latter calling out to her kouhai. "Akaneko! The scythe's
yours!"
"Yes, Senpai!" Akane shouted back.
"No, the scythe is yours!" Kamenbell taunted back before he seemed to flicker out of sight.
He was suddenly on Katie's left, putting her between himself and Akane. He swung down, to
carve through her, but Katie dropped into a knee slide and passed under the blade to reach the
edge of the pool. She turned on her knees to avoid a vertical slice that split the edge of the
pool and rose to her feet.
Ripping the scythe out of the ground, he swung the spear tip at her, and she sidestepped clear
before he brought the scythe blade back down and the air pressure off the swing formed a
shallow cut in Katie's cheek before she dropped back underneath both the blade and wind.
Sensing movement behind him, Madame Kamenbell yelled and used his swing to turn around
and clash his blade with Akane's. The sweeping blow was stopped, and Akane tightened the
grip on her sword as she planted her feet.
"Beat up my friends!" Akane snarled up at him. "Harass my classmates!" She pushed her
sword against his as he tried to overpower her. "Insult my family?!" She yelled as a blue light
began to shine in her eyes and radiate from her body. "HURT MY DAD?!"
As Katie broke into a run around the pool to get in position, she saw the light coming off
Akane. "Huh…?"
"Even if you weren't a gross pervert on top of that…" Her grip on the sword iron-tight, she
didn't even notice the blade turned red as she swung with all her might.
"I'd still want you dead!"
With that motion, the sword cut through Madame Kamenbell's scythe blade like it was made
of rice paper—the cut edges of the destroyed weapon glowing red hot.
Madame Kamenbell had no time to be shocked at the destruction of his weapon, as Katie
sprang across the pool and slammed her knee into Madame Kamenbell's chest, instantly
lifting him off his feet and throwing him into the last support pillar. He crashed into it and
bounced off, stunned.
Setting her feet down on the other side as Akane rammed the red-bladed sword into its
sheath, Katie yelled,
"FUCK HIM UP!"
Dashing at Madame Kamenbell, Akane reached him first, punching him in the chest and
throwing him back into the pillar.
She then clobbered him with a left hook, and then a right, before delivering an uppercut that
slammed the back of his head against the column. Punching him in the stomach, then in the
throat, she spin-kicked him to bounce off it towards Katie.
Katie drove her left elbow into his face, stopping Madame Kamenbell's spin, before laying
numerous body-blows into him, slamming him back up against the column with thunderous
rumbles each time she connected.
With a hard left she spun him back towards Akane, and the smaller girl drove her right foot
into his gut, pinning him to the pillar with a blow hard enough to crack it. She delivered
rapid-fire jabs to his face, cracking and dislodging his mask.
"For Ucchan…!" She shouted with her punches and kicks. "For Ryūnosuke…! For my Dad!
For everyone you ever hurt! For everyone you tricked into believing your sick dream was for
them!"
She pulled back, drawing her fist right alongside Katie as Madame Kamenbell's mask came
off—revealing the pathetic, bloodied face of Okamada Kamoyo as both girls yelled.
"GO STRAIGHT TO HELL!"
Together they punched him. The sheer force of their combined blow smashed through
Okamada and exploded the pillar behind him into splinters.
The shrapnel spread like a shotgun blast, perforating the spring tap and the wall behind it, and
ex–Vice Principal Okamada went hurtling through the gap in the pillar into the wall above the
Spring Tap itself, bouncing off it to land in the shrine's far corner, a crumpled heap.
A few seconds of silence passed.
He twitched and groaned but did not get up.
"Is he done?" Akane asked.
Katie lowered her fist. "Yeah… he's done."
There was a loud pop, and both girls looked up to see a large crack form in the ceiling.
"We gotta go!" Katie quickly said, and both girls turned and bolted, running for the exit of the
shrine back to the surface.
They had just passed the center pool, when Akane stopped and looked back at the spring tap
and the key set in its forehead. "Wait!"
Katie was already at the door and looked back. "Akane, we gotta go!"
Akane didn't listen, sprinting back to the spring tap and grabbing the key. "I'm not leaving
without this!"
"Yeah, it's cute jewelry but this whole place is caving in! MOVE YER ASS!"
Yanking the key out and pocketing it, Akane bolted back for the doors. She had just made it
to the pool, when she heard Okamada's ghoulish, dramatic wail—and he tackled her from
behind.
"MY DREAM WILL NOT DIE! YOU SHALL DIE!"
Off her footing, Akane let out a surprised "Ah!" as she fell face first into the now full pool of
spring water.
Katie recoiled in shock, but only momentarily, as the first rocks began to fall from the ceiling.
She sprinted to the center pool, lunging for her splashing kouhai and grabbing her arm.
Sprawled out at the pool's edge, Okamada watched as Katie took hold of Akane's arm and
began to pull her out. He let out a weak laugh.
"… At the very least… at least of all…" He coughed heavily and laughed again. "There will
be one more beautiful thing in this ugly world…"
He then watched as Katie hauled Akane out and saw thanks to her wet clothes clinging to
her… that she was still a woman.
"What."
In disbelief, he slowly turned towards the spring tap, as the trembling shrine caused a scroll
to unroll above it.
Due to unforeseen circumstances involving foxes turned into men, this Spring is now normal
water. We are sorry for the inconvenience. Please consult the Jusenkyo Spring Guide for
more information.
Okamada blinked owlishly at the banner.
"What."
Katie and Akane would've stayed to comment on it, but they were too busy fleeing for their
lives as progressively larger pieces of ceiling and streams of dirt began to pour from the
collapsing ceiling.
One extremely large rock landed directly onto the spring tap and smashed through, causing a
massive geyser of water to erupt out and snuff out the last of the lamps lighting the collapsing
shrine, plummeting it and the former Vice Principal Okamada into darkness.
Chapter End Notes
Sayonara Okamada-sensei
Chapter 40: Reclamation
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The rain was pouring heavily, and the remaining Sickle Gang members were being mopped
up by the Butsumetsu boys and their allies. Flying above the carnage, Lum Invader searched
for any sign of Ataru, and only found a few lingering brawls and Mendō being chased by
Sōban before she spotted Ryūnosuke standing over a laid out Kamaitachi and began to
descend.
Kamaitachi, hands splayed out, stared up at the night sky as the rain fell.
He had just regained consciousness to a body that ached from head to toe and the feeling that
he was going to be sick.
Ryūnosuke had knocked him the fuck out with that cross counter.
It was immaculate.
He looked at her. “Damn it… I lost.”
Ryūnosuke, her arms folded, shrugged her shoulders. “Yeah, you did.”
He looked up at the rain and closed his eyes. He could barely move, his whole body felt like
it was made of lead. He needed to do something, anything, but for whatever reason that
fanaticism that drove him to throw himself into battle for the Sickle Gang, for Madame
Kamenbell, was just not there.
“Hey… while I got you laid out here, can I say somethin’?” Ryūnosuke asked.
“… Not like I’m going anywhere,” Kamaitachi replied.
“Up until recently, my sperm donor raised me to be his son. Even though I’m one hundred
percent a girl—plumbing and all,” she explained.
He looked at her more pointedly. “Are you serious?”
“I ain’t bullshittin’. No matter what I did, or how hard I tried to fight it… he did everything to
make me believe I was a boy even when I knew better. He even fought every school I went to
when they insisted that I was a girl. He was a sick, delusional man who wanted me to be what
he wanted, to hell with whatever I felt, or thought.”
Kamaitachi felt even sicker to his stomach.
She brought her hands up over her heart. “So yeah, fuck you for callin’ me a guy all those
times, fuck you for leading that bullshit gang, and fuck you for jumping and robbing me.”
He looked away from her.
“But also… I ain’t gonna pretend that you and I ain’t the same anymore.” She added. “I know
exactly what it feels like to be willing to do anything to be seen as who I really am… and if I
was at my lowest and met some crazy psycho bitch with an all women army… I’d probably
would have joined her, if it meant I could be a girl.”
Kamaitachi’s eyes widened slightly, then filled with tears before he shut them and began to
quietly sob.
“Ryūnosuke-cha!” Lum called out as she floated down. “Have you seen Darling? I’m worried
Sōban ate him.”
Right, he was around here somewhere. “If only!”
She looked over and saw that Mendō was still fleeing from Sōban. “But seriously, I think he’s
hiding somewhere, waiting for the heat to die down before he pops out and does his usual
schtick.”
A loud rumbling drew everyone’s attention towards the school. Without warning, a massive
geyser of water gushed above where the Girl’s Locker Room was, the direction Katie and
Akane went. Over by the remains of Mendō’s command center, Kaori looked up along with
Dr. Tofu as he treated Soun’s minor injuries.
“Uhh… that’s not good,” Kaori said.
Then, to everyone’s disbelief, more than half of Furinkan High School began to crumble not
only into the void created by the erupting spring, but the jungle basement hidden beneath the
main building.
Staggering to a stop, Mendō gawked at the catastrophe and screamed. “MY
RENOVATIONS!”
As he howled in disbelief, Sōban tackled him with full force, grabbed him up in a bear hug,
and began licking him like a dog to get any of Shinobu’s bento that remained on him.
“Oh shit!” Ryūnosuke called out at the collapse.
Lum was impressed. “Wow! What happened?”
Akane and Katie emerged from the school’s gate, catching their breaths.
“What happened…” Katie said, “… Was that we kicked Okamada-sensei’s weirdo perverted
ass!”
Akane nodded resolutely. “Damn right, we did!”
Katie was summarily bowled over by an ecstatic Kaori.
“Fucking SICK!” The delivery girl martial artist cheered as she glomped her.
Akane turned and looked at Kamaitachi. “Even better, that stupid spring didn’t work.”
Kamaitachi’s eyes opened, and he looked at her. “What?”
“I fell into it and everything,” she revealed. “I didn’t turn into a guy.”
His eyes grew wider. “… It didn’t…”
Ryūnosuke did a double-take. “Wait-wait-wait…! Hold on! That’s what this was all about?!”
Katie, cuddling Kaori, looked up. “Oh, right, you weren’t here for that part. Not that I blame
you, you had your own character arc going on.”
Akane confirmed it. “Yeah. That maniac wanted to turn women into men using magic spring
water.”
Ryūnosuke brought her hands up to the sides of her head. “Wait… seriously?!”
She looked at Kamaitachi. “Is that why you were so invested?!”
Kamaitachi looked away… but nodded.
Ryūnosuke threw her hands into the air. “THAT’S SO STUPID!”
“Thank you!” Akane shouted.
Lum had to agree. “Magic Spring water that turns women into men sounds interesting… but
why go through the trouble and just do that with a sex change ray gun, or pill, or swap bodies
with a man who wants to be a woman?”
Nabiki, strolling up to the scene, answered that.
“Because not everyone in the SAD can just get ahold of that kind of convenience, Princess.
And if you’re Japanese like Kamaitachi-kun here? You can’t get a hold of it at all without at
least eight zeros in USD in your bank.”
Ryūnosuke folded her arms again and huffed as she recalled a bad experience with a sex
change ray gun. “Thank goodness. If my sperm donor tried something like that, I’d be losing
my freaking mind.”
Ataru hugged her. “Exactly, that's why I made a deal with Oyuki-chan to ban any and all
wacky hijinks devices like that which could steal away my precious Ryū-chan.”
Ryūnosuke looked at Lum. “Told you.”
Akane appealed to the alien princess. “Please don’t zap him, it’s raining, and we’re all
soaked.”
“That’s hot,” Ataru said.
“On second thought, I don’t care if you fry us, take the shot.”
Lum held her hands aloft. “Darling, please let go of Ryūnosuke-cha.”
Ataru was about to argue when Ryūnosuke elaborated.
“Please let go of Ryūnosuke-cha before she rips your arms out your sockets and beats you
with them.”
He let go without protest.
“Ryūnosuke-cha thanks you,” Ryūnosuke said with much less harmful intent.
“What happened to Madame Kamenbell?” Kamaitachi asked, as Katie and Kaori stood back
up.
Katie looked towards the ruins of the school. “I reckon he’s probably where Akaneko and I
left him—buried under half the gosh dang school.”
Kaori looked at Katie. “Wait… did you kill him?”
“I didn’t kill anybody. We were tryna escape the collapse he caused, and he tried to stop us.
We had no choice but to leave him behind!”
Akane nodded. “Yes. It’s awful that it happened, but less awful that it happened to him.”
Nabiki raised an eyebrow. “Well, if it was self-defense in an emergency? It wasn’t your fault
he got buried.”
Kamaitachi stared at the collapsed school, stricken. “… Madame…”
Noticing his expression, Katie sighed. “Look, man. I understand that you invested a lot in
that guy, and this gang… but at the end of the day he was just using you for nothing but his
own perverted whims.”
Soun, patched up by Dr. Tofu already, hobbled over with the Doctor. “She is correct. Madame
Kamenbell was a lecher cut from the same cloth as my old master. His ambitions for the
fountain were for nothing but his personal pleasure, and nothing else.”
Kamaitachi lowered his head and balled his hands into fists. “… That’s obvious, isn’t it?”
He shook his head slowly. “But he was the only one who gave a damn about what I
wanted…”
He looked out of the corner of his eye at Ryūnosuke.
Katie sighed. “Hey, ya damn weasel.”
When he looked up at her, she gestured to him. “You knock this Sickle Gang shit off, take all
your OGs and never come back to the SAD again, and I’ll talk to some people who know
some people about getting you where you actually want to be.”
He let out a weak chuckle. “Oh yeah? Who do you know?”
Katie looked around at the others, before she knelt and reached into her back pocket to pull
out her phone. After checking to make sure it wasn’t broken, she did some swiping before
she held the screen up to Kamaitachi’s face.
Looking at the screen, Kamaitachi grew surprised, before he lowered his head. “… You’re
not serious…”
“Deadass,” Katie quipped back.
Kamaitachi acquiesced. “Okay, I’ll take my people and go. You won’t see us again.”
“Attaboy,” Katie said before she turned off her phone screen and stood up.
Akane and Nabiki both were staring at her.
“What was that?” The former asked.
The latter had a clue. “I imagine she doesn’t want to share.”
Katie confirmed it. “Not here, at least. I’ll explain it later when I feel good and ready to.”
She then turned to Ryūnosuke. “Say there, cousin. How’re things shaking out with you and
Uncle Nick?”
Ryūnosuke jumped in surprise. “Wait, cousin?”
She paused and looked Katie in the eyes. “… Oh shit, you are related to him.”
Katie grinned. “Once ya know where to look, it’s obvious!”
Ataru leaned in and pressed his cheek against Ryūnosuke’s so he could follow her gaze.
Immediately he saw it—Katie had the same bright green eyes as Sherman-sensei and his
daughter.
“How is it that the eyes that make him look so sinister make girls so pretty?”
Annoyed, Ryūnosuke turned and punched Ataru in the face, laying him out. “And how is it
that you can be so shameless?!”
She turned back to Katie. “I’m settling in nicely, thanks.”
Katie smiled back. “I’m glad.”
Akane was even more curious. “Wait, your uncle’s here?”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve mentioned it a few times…”
Kodachi arrived on the scene right as Ataru hit the ground, umbrella in hand, beholding the
damage done to the school.
“My, at least the school’s clock is intact. I want that to stand as a reminder to what may
happen to those who impress their foolish delusions onto others.”
She turned to the others. “I take it that this whole awful situation with the Sickle Gang is now
well and under control?”
Akane nodded. “Madame Kamenbell and Kamaitachi have been defeated, and the
Butsumetsu boys are rounding up the last of the foot soldiers.”
Kodachi beheld that scene and nodded her approval. She then broke into a small laugh as she
watched Sōban hug and pat and squeeze Mendō like he was going to call him George.
“Ah, and my night is complete.”
“Sorry about the school,” Katie apologized.
“Nonsense. Give it a few days and it will be good as new!” Kodachi assured her, before
calling out to Mendō. “Isn’t that right, Mendō-kun~?”
Kodachi’s angelic voice reached Mendō and helped him endure the awful situation he was in.
“Yes, K-Kodachi-sama.”
With her free hand on her cheek, Kodachi smiled. “Thank you!”
Ataru cleared his throat to get Kodachi’s attention and prepared to put his own electrified foot
in his mouth, when an unexpected voice called out.
“Oi! You guys!” It was Kōsuke, arriving with Hokuto, Nanto, and Shinobu bringing up the
rear. “The fight isn’t over, is it?!”
Ataru turned to him, surprised. “Huh? Kōsuke? You showed up?!”
“Well, we were all chilling over at Yuria’s place playing Smash, but Shinobu couldn’t take it
anymore and decided to head out on her own. We couldn’t let her come all the way out here
by herself—leather daddies or not.”
Only Mendō noticed Sōban go completely still.
Shinobu headed over to the gathering of protagonists and looked around. “Are you all okay?”
Nabiki nodded. “Yes, you could’ve stayed home. It’s already over.”
Nanto scanned the battlefield, and stopped when he saw the impossibly large form of Sōban
stand up, dropping Mendō like he’d just gotten a Buzz Lightyear toy and was bored of
Woody.
Hokuto turned and noticed him as well—both tall young men becoming ashen.
Nabiki did a double-take. “Wait, hold on.”
She looked at Shinobu. “You’re not supposed to be here.”
Shinobu recoiled. “What? I only wanted to help.”
Ataru went still and looked back towards Mendo.
He only saw Sōban’s looming silhouette in the dark, facing them.
“Ah.”
Curly was finishing tying up Lum’s Leathertroopers, when one of his trusted subordinates
called out.
“CURLY! LOOK!”
Curly turned and found his boss just standing there, menacingly. Then he looked where his
subordinate was actually pointing, and paled at the sight of a confused Shinobu while
everyone else was quickly turning towards Sōban.
“Boss!” Curly yelled. “Come on, don’t just throw away a whole year of therapy for–!”
“SHINOBUUUUUUU!”
Sōban bellowed as he broke into a mad charge towards her with arms outstretched and tongue
hanging from his mouth
“I LOVE YOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!”
The giant of a man who had helped subdue over a thousand grown men was now barreling
straight towards them.
Shinobu saw Sōban and shrieked. “OH NO, EW!”
Ataru grabbed her hand. “We need to run!”
Nabiki was already running.
“Oh dear.” Kodachi was not sure she could beat his power build with her finesse.
“Shit, shit, shit!” Ryūnosuke called out as she got ready to fight.
This sucked, because Katie and Akane were tired after fighting Madame Kamenbell.
Moreover, they liked the guy.
And they didn’t want to end a victorious night on putting someone they considered a friend
down, especially after all they’d been through.
Fortunately, they did not have to.
A solitary blur came up the street at breakneck speed, hopping over splayed-out bodies of
Sickle Gang members and avoiding Butsumetsu students rushing to stop Sōban.
Outrunning all of them, the figure crossed paths with Sōban, jumped, and connected a flying
kick in the side of his face.
That single kick was all it took. Wrenched off his beeline towards Shinobu, Sōban crashed
onto his back—unconscious before he even hit the ground. His attacker landed atop his
stomach and stood there, looking down at him.
Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared at the one-hitter quitter submitter.
It was a short girl with red hair tied into a single tightly braided pigtail, and a curvy figure not
hidden by her oversized clothes that looked straight from rural China. She was looking down
at Sōban’s unconscious, twitching form in surprise.
“Oi… Sōban? What are you doing out at night?” She asked aloud, before she noticed
everyone staring at her.
The red-haired girl stared back at them and then looked around at the wild battle around her.
“Whoa… what happened here?”
Then she noticed something out the corner of her eye back the way she came and recoiled
from it. “Damn it!”
Without another word she took off, sprinting down the street and into the night.
Not ten seconds later, a grizzly-sized panda bear came galloping by, in hot pursuit of the girl.
Everyone watched them go, not a word being spoken as the rain fell.
A lot happened tonight.
Even more just happened in the last thirty seconds.
Finally, it was Akane who said what was on everyone’s minds, at that exact moment.
“… Was that a fucking panda?”
Chapter End Notes
Welcome home, and welcome to the end of Volume 7. Hope you enjoyed the read.
Volume 8 is well under way and with it comes a shift in dynamics and in conflicts! Hope
you stick around for it! Thanks and Leave a comment!
Chapter 41: Volume 8 Here Comes Ranma!: Now Arriving
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
It was hard to comprehend how quickly time had begun to put the climactic battle with the
Sickle Gang behind Akane and Katie. Why, no more than an eye blink and two whole days
had passed. Fact of the matter, if not for the cancellation of classes until the school could be
rebuilt, Akane might not have noticed time had passed at all.
Okay, there were one—no two other factors that helped remind her that things were still
fresh. Firstly, her father was still nursing wounds from the encounter and seeing him hunch
over in pain every so often reminded her that it wasn't a clean break. Second, sitting right
next to her at breakfast was Katie, who was hanging out a bit more since classes were off.
No one minded the extra mouth today, thanks in part to the foreigner bringing along more
than her appetite to the table. The spread for breakfast looked almost like take-out—a
testament to Kasumi's skill—but the volume and contents carried a note of the outsider's
touch to them. Steak for breakfast sounded like something a rich villain character might
indulge in to make the audience hate them, but Akane was finding it hard to cast shade on
their taste.
As she made herself comfortable, Katie explained her boon to the Tendos. "I was coming
over today anyways, but the roomie sent me out the door early because she had some work
stuff to do, and didn't want me all up in her background."
"That's awful." Kasumi said, putting a hand to mouth in sympathy.
"What? Nah, I ain't salty about it," Katie said. "Heck, normally we'd be starting class around
now, anyhow. No class means I gotta be off set, so here I am."
"That doesn't explain the steak, senpai." Akane said, doing her job as kouhai and weeding left
out information.
"Well, we were supposed to have some for breakfast, but since she had to send me your way,
she let me take some as a token of gratitude."
"Some? You've covered the entire table in steak." Nabiki pointed out. "And there's still
another three bags in the icebox."
"Well, I ain't no small eater and neither is the roomie, so we keep a bunch of protein on hand.
This ain't even a dent in our stock."
"I have enough for lunch and possibly dinner, too," Kasumi said cheerfully, now with even
less to guilt or worry about.
"And that's including feeding her," Nabiki murmured in wonder. As much as her bank
account has swollen with her side gig advising Kodachi, things were too busy for her to get
towards spending it to feel the effects of wealth.
"Well, if I didn't account for myself, you wouldn't have enough to make it worth the effort,"
Katie declared.
"A good day of meals and we save on groceries." Akane took her chance to poke Nabiki for
once. "Wasn't someone bemoaning the strain having her over put on the bills"
"That was more in making sure we remember we're not made out of money," Nabiki shot
back. "I might be building up a nest from working with Kodachi, but I'd like to get it done
before you two start laying eggs."
As fun as it was to watch her sisters bicker with one another, there was food to be eaten so
Kasumi changed the subject. "Speaking of Nabiki-chan, how's the reconstruction going?"
Nabiki began to stack her bowl with meat and rice. "Mendō's in full simp mode and the
school should be rebuilt within a week. Which is impressive considering that between the
shrine and the huge jungle basement, the whole building is sitting on a man-made sinkhole."
Akane stopped. "Wait, wait, there's a jungle in the basement?"
"Some crazy thing the Principal had built in the school."
Kasumi's head drooped slightly, traumatic high school memories flashing before her eyes.
Not noticing her older sister's reaction, Nabiki continued. "It doesn't really matter, though.
First thing Kodachi had done was fill both those holes so they'd never cause trouble again."
She gestured to both girls. "Oh yeah, the workers found that Pickup Martial Arts guy chained
up down there and cut him loose."
Katie let out an amused huff. "Was he done up in leather, too?"
"Like the rest of those gimps," Nabiki said with a nod. "Curly and the Butsu boys made him
walk back to Taian like that so everyone could see."
"And he won't have anything to go back to," Katie said with a triumphant huff. "The old
Landlady took his whole business, so it'll be the last we see of those PUMA jackasses,
probably."
Akane was concerned about someone else. "Did they find Okamada down there?"
Nabiki shook her head. "Nope, all they found was the roof of the buried temple. If that gross
pervert is anywhere, it's under that."
"So, he's where he belongs," Katie said with a snort.
Kasumi snapped out of her traumatic flashbacks and asked. "What happened to the rest of the
Sickle Gang?"
"Well, most of the Japanese members have been kicked out of the Special Administration
District. Curly and the boys tossed them over the wall, personally." Nabiki explained. "The
guys from around here who got pressed into it were happy to go back to where they came
from, and left quietly."
"As long as we don't have to deal with a Neo Sickle Gang or anything like that, good," Akane
said.
"What about the boys from the school?" Kasumi inquired.
"Yeah, they're still broken," Nabiki revealed. "They've gone right back to wallowing in their
own self-pity."
And that just made Akane disgusted all over again, though not so disgusted that she lost her
appetite, as she resumed digging into her food. "Pathetic, it's been over two weeks…"
Katie agreed with her kouhai. "At this rate, if all they're gonna do is mope we may as well cut
'em loose."
Nabiki shrugged her shoulders. "I'll bring it up with Kodachi later next time I hang out with
her."
"Well, as long as she's not gonna go all Mendō and turn the boys into her harem or
something, I'm good with whatever."
Akane laughed at the very idea. "Those guys?! Ugh, guys like them are why I don't like boys.
Kodachi could do so much better for a harem—like Butsumetsu."
Katie and Nabiki nearly spit-took, as the absurdity of that mental image hit like a hammer,
and both girls laughed.
Still, there was no disrespect for the young men of Butsusmetsu, as Akane went on.
"Seriously, though, I'd rather have all the guys from Butsumetsu attend Furinkan instead. As
crude as they are, they came through when we needed them and have been nothing but
helpful."
Katie agreed. "Maybe we should ask Sōban and Curly about it, see if they'd be up for it."
Her musing reminded her. "Oh yeah, Nabiki. What's the word on that chick who knocked the
big man out?"
Nabiki shook her head. "On God, I could not tell you. No one has seen any sign of a girl or a
panda since, and I've asked around."
"A real live panda bear," Kasumi said in wonder, "I remember seeing one at the zoo back
when I was very little, before China took it back… I wonder how it got here."
"To say nothing of why it was chasing a girl around the SAD," Katie quipped.
Nabiki smirked at her. "You want to fight her, don't you?"
"Sōban is a huge, super strong dude; anyone that small who can one and done anyone that big
has my immediate attention!"
Akane would be lying if she wasn't intrigued by the potential challenge herself. Since
meeting Katie and encountering competent martial artists like Ryūnosuke and even
Kamaitachi, she was more invested in the skills she had honed.
Would she like another fight like Madame Kamenbell? Probably not, but she wanted to
explore the world she was raised in… and meet others who lived in it.
"I just hope that she's not a bad person," she said. "After dealing with those perverts, I don't
want to be the next strong person we meet to be another problem."
Katie nodded. "Hear, hear."
Nabiki was likewise in agreement. "Same. The SAD is bad enough as it is, we don't need a
boss parade."
Kasumi nodded assent; while she liked the excitement of her town, she wasn't keen on a
crisis every week.
As the four girls continued to chat while they tucked into their meal, letting whatever else to
be said left for later, Tendo Soun was stirred from his slumber by a buzzing sound. While on
the (exaggerated) mend from his (not as severe as they actually were) injuries, Soun had
taken to spending more time (than usual) in bed recuperating (to avoid going on
neighborhood watch patrols with Dr. Tofu) and bringing himself back to full health.
So, he spent most of this time playing games on his phone.
He was not a tech savvy guy, but it served its purpose in allowing him to keep in touch with
his family, and play a few gacha games said family would give him weird looks if they knew
he was playing them.
Blearily opening his eyes to the faint sound, Soun reached over to his buzzing phone and
picked it up. Updates to his games usually happened close to noon, and it was nowhere near
that, so it puzzled him why the device was making such a racket.
When he saw that he was receiving messages, from an unknown number his eyes widened.
He could count the people who had his personal SMS number on one hand.
When he opened the messages and began reading them, he froze.
Unknown Number said:
Tendo, is this you?
Unknown Number said:
It had better be, you're the only Tendo in Nerima.
Unknown Number said:
Answer me, damn it.
Unknown Number said:
I'm in a rush so I'll just say it.
Unknown Number said:
It's me, Saotome. I'm back from China.
Unknown Number said:
I'm bringing Ranma with me.
Soun stared at the screen, as tears began to fill his eyes. A day he'd once been praying for had
come… and for some reason he was filled with dread.
@@@@@
While school was off for Furinkan, it was still in session for the students of Tomobiki. With
the end of the Sickle Gang, its male students, some of them sporting bruises and bandaged up
injuries, had refilled the classrooms, and everything was fitting back into normal.
It helped that none of them wanted to talk about the experience. Even Megane.
Especially Megane.
Moroboshi Ataru was not going to let him have that luxury.
"Megane, I just wanted to say." He reached out and placed a hand on his classmate's shoulder.
"Whatever feelings you feel, however you want to express yourself, you should always know
I won't think any less of you as a person—because that is impossible."
In the shoe box room of the school, the furious Megane swung back at the maliciously
grinning Ataru. "FUCK OFF, MOROBOSHI!"
Naturally, Ataru evaded the swing and laughed at the rage of his fiancée's simp. "Hey, don't
be mad, you'll be okay. It's a man's world, after all!"
"Cast yourself into the fires of Mount Doom from whence you came, you demon!" Megane
yelled as he lunged at him with every intent to inflict violence.
Having already swapped out her shoes and avoided his flirtatious advances, Ryūnosuke
shook her head in disdain as she watched Ataru harass Megane with Nick. "That's kind of
messed up. Considering who he's saying it to, though? I can't really be bothered to intervene."
"Good on you," Nick congratulated her. "Knowing when to fight is just as important as
knowing how, maybe even more important."
Ryūnosuke folded her arms as the two walked away from the shoebox room towards their
class. "I'm glad things are back to normal—the new normal."
Nick agreed. "I'm right there witcha, but don't get too complacent, now. Ain't no telling
what's ahead, especially for those who lead lives of violence like us."
Of course, as soon as he said that the PA system came on and the Principal spoke. "Attention
all Teachers and Faculty. The Lady Mendō is arriving at the school gate, please report to the
front of the school to welcome her."
As a commotion broke out and teachers and faculty alike began hurrying outside, Nick tilted
his head slightly. "The Lady Mendō?"
Sakura, who was standing outside the school clinic, was glad to explain. "The Mendō Family
is being the Mendō Family. When one of the parents shows up, the school drops everything
and performs this pomp and circumstance out of respect."
Ryūnosuke rolled her eyes. Nick simply said what she was feeling. "Sounds like a bunch of
bull hockey to me."
"Of course it is," Sakura agreed. "My question is… why is she here?"
Nick looked towards the ceiling, then closed his eyes and hummed. "If I had to guess, she is
here to say something about the treatment of her son."
Ryūnosuke side-eyed her Dad. "So, she's here to see you."
He rubbed his hands in anticipation. "Oh boy, my first parent-teacher conference."
"Over a week after the fact," Sakura noted.
Nick turned to her. "Maybe she's really busy."
Sakura wanted to think better of people. Especially parents. "I like that answer, let's go with
that."
A call of "Hail to the Mendō Zaibatsu!" followed by choruses of "Banzai!" sounded from
outside, and Nick recoiled a bit in visible distaste.
"I'd say that's a bit much, but armed soldiers and tanks in the streets over kids skipping out
for lunch."
"The Mendō family is nothing if not extra," Sakura replied bluntly.
Shortly thereafter, the doors opened and in walked a beautiful middle-aged woman with
bright blue eyes and deep purple hair pulled back into a tight, aristocratic bun. She wore a
green dress accented with yellow frills and trim and carried in her hand a purple feather-
tufted fan. She was accompanied by an elderly butler, who led her through the school's front
lobby and up to Ryūnosuke, Nick, and Sakura.
The red-haired teacher got the dirt off his shoulders and brushed down his suit as the woman
and her accompanying servant approached him specifically. "Good morning, Mendō-san.
Sorry for not being out there to greet you, I'm new to that whole policy."
Rather than Mrs. Mendō, it was the Butler who addressed Nick. "Mr. Nicholas Fontaine, I
presume?"
"That's Nicholas Fontaine Sherman, I've been married for over twenty years," Nick corrected.
Mrs. Mendō's pointed stare became a glare, before she opened her fan and used it to hide the
lower half of her face. Glancing out the corner of her eye to beckon her accompanying butler,
she began to whisper to him from behind her fan when he leaned in close.
As the Butler listened to the Matriarch of the Mendō, Nick raised an eyebrow in confusion,
while both Ryūnosuke and Sakura turned to look at him. Down the hall, Ataru and Megane
were no longer squabbling and peeking from the shoebox room to observe the confrontation.
Both found the appearance of Shūtaro's mother concerning.
"Mature baddie that she is, nothing good can come of her being here," Ataru quietly
suggested.
Megane had the right idea about it. "The only reason she could be here is to demand
compensation for kicking her son out of school. Sherman-sensei is in trouble, no doubt."
"On one hand, he is a teacher," Ataru whispered, "On the other he has helped Ryū-chan
realize her true potential and got rid of Mendō in the first place… also his daughter is a total
babe."
Megane, ever the lovable Lum lover, was interested in the revelation of a teacher's daughter.
"A daughter? She's hot?"
Kakugari and Perm were also drawn in and leaned in on Ataru. "What does she look like?"
Once Mrs. Mendō finished her whispering, the butler nodded and bowed to her. "I
understand!"
Turning to Nick, he spoke in a tone full of authority and stern vigor—not unlike a middle
manager dressing down a lowly salaryman. "Listen here; Mendō-sama has come to express
her great anger and disappointment in your conduct towards her son, Shūtaro-sama."
Nick's expression turned flat as he checked out of the conversation. "Oh, really?"
"Without consulting his parents or even informing the legal representation of the Mendō
Zaibatsu, you unilaterally expelled Shūtaro-sama from this school," the butler continued with
increasing volume. "In doing so, you have humiliated and brought shame not only to Shūtaro-
sama, but the good name of the Mendō family. What do you have to say for yourself,
commoner?"
Without looking, he held out an arm and stopped Ryūnosuke from flying off the handle at the
butler for spitting out the word commoner at her Dad like it was a slur.
What did I say about knowing when to throw hands? He thought.
Rather than answer the butler, he addressed Mrs. Mendō. "Your son, in unwitting
collaboration with your daughter, conspired with the school's faculty and arranged an armed
attack on his classmates under the guise of a disciplinary action. This resulted in an
afternoon-long brawl that left both students and faculty injured. I expelled your son, with the
consent of and full authority from the Principal because, frankly, that boy is an idiot and a
menace. That's what I have to say for myself."
Her eyes widening at Nick's insults, Mrs. Mendō tightened her jaw then leaned towards her
butler. While the two conversed, Nick spied some nearby lockers, then glanced at his
indignant daughter, before returning his attention to Mrs. Mendō and her fan-concealed
muttering.
"You don't even have a picture of her?" Perm muttered at Ataru.
"No, I don't," Ataru snapped back. "But uh… imagine Nena Trinity from Gundam 00, but
actually cute instead of psycho."
Lum's Stormtroopers all paused and hummed in consideration.
Megane nodded. "Would."
Ataru could not stop himself. "My brother beside the Buddha; you would if you could—but
you cannot."
The Butler nodded and bowed again. "Understood!"
He turned back to Nick. "Regardless of what Shūtaro-sama was doing, it is not your place to
discipline someone of his standing in such a manner. As a matter of fact, you–"
"And I'm going to stop you, right there," Nick said, cutting the butler off.
The butler was surprised. "I beg your pardon?"
"My man, are you the boy's father?" Nick asked.
The butler shook his head. "No, I am a humble servant of the–"
"Then be quiet." Nick cut him off again, before addressing Mrs. Mendō. "Ma'am, if you want
to discuss the matter regarding your son, then you're going to speak directly to me, or we
have nothin' to talk about, y'hear?"
The uncouth manner in which he spoke to Mrs. Mendō set the butler off something fierce.
"The Lady Mendō-sama refuses to raise her voice to those beneath her station. As her butler,
I will speak on her behalf to you, and you shall be grateful for the privilege."
Nick made a face, then glanced at Ryūnosuke. "Hey, kiddo?"
"Yeah, Pop?" She asked.
Nick pointed at the butler. "Take this nerd right here."
He pointed at the lockers he'd scoped out. "And stuff him in one of them there lockers o'er
yonder for me."
"I BEG YOUR PARDON?!" The Butler shouted, much louder, before he was grabbed by
Ryūnosuke and hauled away. "Unhand me this instant! This is assault!"
Ryūnosuke was not intimidated. "Oh yeah? What are you gonna do, call the cops? They can't
unstuff you from a locker, nerd."
Nick watched Ryūnosuke with no small amount of pride, before he turned a cold glare onto
Mrs. Mendō. "Let's make one thing clear, ma'am. I was hired onto this school's faculty to
serve as an educator and a disciplinarian, not as one of yer son's toadies."
With her fan concealing her indignant sneer, Mrs. Mendō looked away from Nick. She held
the fan slightly higher—to serve as a barrier between their faces and make her disdain for
him known.
In response to her petulant display, Nick grabbed the fan and crushed it in his grip. Jumping
in surprise, the Mendō matriarch stared at him with mouth agape as he moved closer, getting
directly in her face.
"I expelled your son because of his downright fatherless behavior, and I'm certainly not going
to tolerate any of that from you either. Now we are going to discuss this like grown adults, or
I'll stuff you in a locker right next to the help over there, y'hear?"
Directly behind him, Sakura was mortified. Down the hall, Ataru stopped pushing and
shoving with the Stormtroopers enough to stop and stare at Nick looming over the richest
woman in Japan like he was about to expel her from school next.
In the other direction, Ryūnosuke had managed to get the requested locker closed and looked
over to see how the confrontation was going.
Mrs. Mendō, still wide-eyed, stared at Nick in silence. His expression was like stone, his gaze
locked on the woman like he was burning holes through her eyes and out the back of her
head. After a moment more of studying his face and his uncompromising authority, Mrs.
Mendō looked away, her own visage coloring as she brought her free hand up to her lips.
"Very well, Nicholas Fontaine Sherman-sensei," she said audibly, but still in a quiet and
reserved voice.
Nick eased back and brightened. "Thank you, kindly. I don't ask for none much more than a
little bit of decency to remember you and I are the same species, ma'am, regardless of the
privilege this world bestowed on us."
He turned and gestured towards the teachers' offices. "Now then, let's step into my office over
here, so we can discuss this whole matter of lil' Shooter."
Her hand still hiding her lips, Mrs. Mendō nodded quickly, obediently, and followed Nick
along to the teachers' office. Watching them go, Sakura stood with her own mouth hung open,
unsure if she had misread that exchange and confounded by the implications that lay if she
hadn't.
Back over with Ataru, he and Megane all just stared in silence. They were of similar
thoughts, unsure of what they just saw was real.
Ryūnosuke walked back over to Sakura, having left the butler in the locker. She looked in the
direction Nick went. Seemingly missing any and all implications, she let out an annoyed
sound.
"She better not convince him to allow that dimwit back here."
@@@@@
Even with all the chatting and joking, the steak was dispatched without a chance to get
lukewarm. It was a fine meal; the kind you might loosen the tighter buttons to allow sensitive
bits to expand. But as great sounding as kicking back to allow the food to digest was, there
were other things to do.
"So where are you two headed?" Nabiki asked her sister and Katie, leaning back to keep the
budding food baby from making too much of a bump.
"We were gonna check on the Butsumetsu boys." Katie replied as the two got up.
"They are our friends," Akane concurred. "Plus, we'll be able to walk off this meal."
"Well, have fun you two. Don't try to start more story arcs while you're out, okay?"
"I can't promise that." Akane admitted.
"If you feel like tempting fate, though, go ahead," Katie invited her.
Akane shot Katie a look, rolled her eyes and stomped to the front door to get her shoes.
Nabiki repressed a laugh into her right hand. "Never stop poking that one."
"It's too funny," Katie replied as she moved to follow Akane. "See y'all."
Kasumi called after her. "Be safe, the both of you." She turned to Nabiki. "And what about
you?"
Nabiki abruptly laid back and splayed her arms on the floor. "I'm going to digest my food and
leave future Nabiki on the hook for getting rid of the two kilos I'm sure I've gained from
eating all of that."
Kasumi giggled at her younger sister, happy to do the same.
Outside and walking down the street towards the under reconstruction Furinkan High School,
Akane watched Katie out of the corner of her eye. Some revelations from the other night
were still weighing on her, and now that they were on their own, she wanted some
clarification.
"Ne, senpai," she began. "I have some questions."
Katie looked at her. "Oh? Go on, shoot."
"That Uncle of yours, who took in Ryūnosuke?"
Katie turned to her. "Yeah?"
Akane nodded and looked ahead. "Why don't you live with them?"
Katie shook her head. "Main reason is I'd have to go to school over at Tomobiki if I stayed at
their place, and none of us wanted that."
That was as good a reason as any. "Down in the temple, you said something bad happened at
your old school, and that's why you're here. What happened?"
Letting out a sigh, Katie explained. "A long time ago, my parents made a lot of enemies. A
lot. And back at my school, some of those guys caught up to them and tried getting at them
through me. Now they're laying low, who knows where, and I'm here where I should be safe."
Akane nodded slowly. "Okay, last question? Who are those people you know who could help
Kamaitachi?"
Katie smiled slightly. "Friends of my Uncle. Like I said, they're people who can get him on
his way to where he needs to be. Hopefully soon, he's much happier with who he is and will
knock off that gang shit."
"What do you suppose will happen to the rest of them?"
"Roll back into Japanese society, I reckon. Maybe they'll stick together, maybe they'll go back
into their closets and pretend they were never part of the Sickle Gang."
She shrugged her shoulders. "But that's not really our problem anymore, is it?"
That was about right, Akane conceded. "No, I guess not. I just feel a little bad for them all
now. With Madame Kamenbell gone and all that's left is why they even joined him in the first
place."
Katie smirked. "You're a better person than me."
Akane let out an exasperated sigh. "I'm glad you can say that; I've been on my last nerve non-
stop for the last two weeks!"
She hung her head. "I just want to go back to being nice."
If only for a little while.
"An ambitious goal, given our notorious new classmate," Katie joked.
Akane's head dropped lower. "Don't remind me, Senpai…"
It was as good a place as any to change the subject. "Say, hon."
Akane turned her head to look at her. "Yes?"
"Thinkin' about it," she began, "I have been relyin' a bit too much on yer hospitality. I think I
should return the favor."
The younger girl perked up. "Wait, you mean have me over to your house? What about your
roommate?"
"The roomie won't mind if I bring you by, so long as she knows you're a-comin'," Katie
assured her. "Heck, she might be amenable to a sleepover, since she don't socialize much
away from her keyboard."
Akane's internet consumption consisted mainly of J-Pop, K-Pop, martial arts demonstrations,
and makeup tutorials. She wasn't much of a gamer, and much less an aficionado of foreign
gamers who made their money gaming all day for people to watch.
"She doesn't get out much, huh?"
"There's a reason for that," Katie replied with the implication that she didn't want to get into
the particulars herself.
Akane yielded, getting the sense that it was a sensitive topic. Luckily an impressive sight
came along to change the subject as they reached the corner where they'd take a right to head
on towards Butsumetsu.
Furinkan High School was a hive of activity, completely entombed by a massive scaffolding
frame that obscured all but the building's clock tower. The courtyard that surrounded the
school was churned up and muddy from the construction vehicles moving with machine-like
precision, and construction workers in hardhats and safety vests were all but occupying every
square foot of the site.
"Dang, them boys be at work," Katie said.
Akane made a face. "It's a little disappointing that this is all thanks to Mendō."
"Don't think about how the sausage is made, hon, just that it tastes good."
"I don't want to think about Mendō and tasting sausage in the same context."
Katie held in that laugh hard.
It hurt.
"Ah, ladies." Honestly after that, Mendō actually going out of his way to approach them
could not even inflict an ache. He approached them not looking like a throwback to the
Antebellum Showa Era but dressed in a crisp white uniform. Even the eyepatch was gone.
Akane was glad she was too full of steak for breakfast for aggression, it helped her put up
instead of shut up over her pledge for patience. "Hello, Mendō-san."
Katie was impressed by her commitment to the polite vibe and rolled with it.
"Howdy." She looked from him over to the school. "Good job getting this all together, man.
We wanna be back in class sooner than later."
Mendō was actually surprised that the two girls, who'd been nothing but belligerent to him
from the jump, were speaking to him without even so much as a disparaging side-eye. Seeing
the opportunity to reestablish a social link, Mendō played it cool.
"Ah, thank you. After what happened, I was more motivated than I was before to realize
Kodachi-sama's vision. At the rate of progress, the reconstruction and renovation should be
complete by this Saturday."
Katie was impressed. "That soon? I heard within a week, but I was thinking Monday or
somethin'."
Mendō smiled. "I would not dream of delaying the opportunity to learn any longer than
possible. That is why I have this veritable army of men, with reserves prepared to take over
and work overnight. All are well-paid craftsmen, renown experts in their fields, because only
the best will do."
Already he was laying it on thick, but it amused Katie more than it offended her. Akane's
eyebrows furrowed a little bit, less in disgust and more in exasperation that he was still trying
to flex with no muscles.
"Well," the former said, "Keep up the good work, I s'pose."
Akane nodded, the steak-induced good mood keeping her from throwing cold water on him.
Mendō was heartened by their neutral reaction. "If you don't mind my asking; what brings
you both out today?"
"Oh, we were on our way over to Butsumetsu to hang out with Sōban and the boys," Katie
revealed. "Been meaning to check up on the big guy since his freakout at the function."
Mendō tried not to visibly cringe at the mention of Sōban. "I see… well, take it from
someone who knows. It's been a few days, so he should be back to his normal self."
Both agreed with that opinion, in truth.
"Still," Akane said, "They're our friends."
The very idea of these beautiful girls being friendly with that bunch offended Mendō to his
core. He needed to show them what proper company was like, before their association with
those brutes led them down a dark path (away from him).
"You know, if you have any free time after your visit, I would like to treat the two of you to
dinner."
"Dinner?" Katie repeated.
Mendō cleared his throat. "Or lunch, depending on how long you intend to be away. My
family recently purchased a flying yacht, and my efforts here have regained me the privilege
to use it. I'd like to give you a tour aboard it."
Akane was a little incredulous. "Uhh… what?"
Katie would be lying that she wasn't a lil' bit curious.
Nevertheless. "Hey, Shooter, can I level with you, man?"
Mendō stood a bit straighter. "Of course, what is it?"
Katie sighed. "Look, I get that you're a good-lookin' guy used to flashin' some cash and
having girls follow you around like ducklings, but ain't every girl shallow and greedy like
that."
"Thank you for saying it!" Akane all but shouted.
"I'm an American," Katie said with a dutiful nod, "It's what I do."
The gates were open and Akane charged through them. "I'm not interested in you or your
money, Mendō-san. I appreciate you helping Kodachi rebuild the school, and I'm over all the
crap from before… but… can you just tone it down?"
"Yeah, my man," Katie added. "There's a speed limit, and you're going so fast your family
will go broke paying the tickets."
Akane shook her head. "Lunch on a flying yacht? That's way too much!"
"Yeah, try startin' a lil' smaller," Katie suggested.
Mendō Shūtaro thought he was starting small. Grand and ostentatious gestures for even the
smallest of favors was a hallmark of the Mendō family; he couldn't call himself scion if he
did not demonstrate the formidable might his name represented to those he sought to impress.
Especially to girls of such beauty and vitality as these two.
Perhaps in my eagerness to capitalize off their more civil behavior, I overstepped. Damn,
how do I pull back? Invite them to one of my family's hotel resorts? Rent out a restaurant in
Taian for the evening? Hire some manner of entertainment troupe to stage a play set in the
Heian Era?
Credit to Mendō, he considered those things a bit much too—and things he'd done before to
impress Lum, Shinobu, Ryūnosuke, and Sakura.
Closing his eyes, he hummed.
"I suppose you're right," he said before he bowed. "I apologize for being too forward."
Akane feared for a second there he was going to double down, so to hear him step off the gas
was a relief. "Thank you."
Katie nodded sagely. "There you go. Baby steps: we're still gettin' used to you bein' around."
Baby steps indeed. With his head still bowed, Mendō couldn't help but smile. Even if it means
making baby steps for five hundred kilometers, I will impress the two of you. And with this, I
have taken the first in that direct–
His ambitious thoughts were jarringly interrupted when a pair of feet came down on the back
of his head and accelerated his face into the sidewalk with enough force to crack it. The hard-
headed scion of the Mendō family lay sprawled there, while a young man stood atop his
head, more concerned with what was behind him rather than where he landed.
Akane and Katie both gawked in surprise at the newcomer standing atop Mendō's head like it
was an extremely dense rock.
"What in tarnation…?" Katie quietly asked.
It was a boy their age—but he didn't seem like the average Japanese boy, wearing a bright red
but dirty shirt and dark brown pants that had small tears at their bottoms from excessive wear.
He had a youthful but handsome face with dark eyes, and black hair that began with messy
bangs at the front, and ended in a long, braided pigtail, but what caught both girls' attention as
martial artists was his wiry, agile physique, made for speed but also clearly strong.
"Did I lose him?" Saotome Ranma asked as he scanned the rooftops he'd plunged down from
and the street below them. "Or did that crafty bastard lose me? I'm not letting him sneak me
again."
"Um…" Akane said aloud, and Ranma looked at both girls.
He blinked in surprise at them. "Oh, it's you two."
That caught Akane off guard. "Have we met?"
Katie had more pressing concerns than prior affiliation. "My guy, you might wanna check
what you stepped on."
Alarmed, Ranma looked down. "I didn't land in crap, did I?"
He stopped when he saw Mendō twitching beneath his feet.
Akane held in that laugh even harder.
It hurt.
Ranma stepped off Mendō. "Oh, hey man, I'm sorry about that. I wasn't looking."
Mendō responded with more twitching and an inarticulate groan.
Suddenly, Ranma grew alarmed. "Crap, I know who you are…! You're that one rich guy from
one of the Great Houses!"
He pointed at Mendō. "You're Mizunokoji Tobimaro, aren't you?!"
Akane and Katie asked as one. "… Who?"
Mendō shot awake, alight with indignation as he faced Ranma. "DO I LOOK LIKE THAT
STARRY-EYED JACKASS?!"
Ranma stared back at him. "Yeah, kinda?"
Mendō drew back, still agitated. "I'm not Ton-ch—Tobimaro. I am Mendō Shūtaro, scion and
heir to the Mendō-clan, and mortal foe to the Mizunokoji family's first son."
"Oh," Ranma didn't expect to run into a Mendō around here. "Well… sup, I'm Ranma."
Katie leaned over to her kohai. "… The Mizunokoji have a son?"
Akane shrugged her shoulders. "First I've heard of it."
Ranma turned to the two girls again. "Yeah, he's one of my senpai at my school. Kind of a
weirdo who's obsessed with being the best at baseball, but I don't think anyone ever taught
him how to actually play."
"Really?" Akane asked.
"Dude spends more time eating baseballs than catching them."
Katie had to know. "Like, getting hit or actually eating them? Because I've been in this town
for a bit and seen some stuff…"
"Oh no, he'd actually eat them after catching them in his mouth."
That won a laugh from Katie. "Oh man, that is weird."
Mendō, being a man of the ladies, immediately disliked Ranma for being able to make her
laugh before he could. "Hey, weren't you on the run from somebody?"
Ranma grew alert again. "Oh yeah, I was. Have any of you seen an old man in a dirty white
gi, glasses, with a white bandanna on his head around here?"
Both Katie and Akane shook their heads negative, the latter replying. "We haven't seen
anybody like that, no."
"Dang," Ranma muttered.
Mendō huffed. "Then maybe you should get out of here before–"
He was once again brought down to the ground—this time beneath the impact of the very
man Ranma described.
He was a bit stocky, chunky if you will, from a love of exercising his jaw muscles over other
groups. The dinginess of his white gi said it'd been a bit since he had a chance to wash it, and
the bandana on his head was either to hide the fact he was going bald or a humiliating
haircut.
Katie shook her head at Mendō's being embedded in the sidewalk this time. "Well! That's just
inappropriate timing; I'll tell you what."
Chapter End Notes
He's here! He's finally here! And already he's up to some nonsense! Welcome back to
Nerima, Ranma Saotome!
Chapter 42: Wild Like You
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Paying no mind to the young man he just flattened, Saotome Genma locked eyes with his son
and an indignant wrath overcame him. For days now he'd been playing this game of tag with
his son, and after spotting him and initiating this latest chase, he was done.
"Found you, boy! This nonsense ends now!" He declared.
Ranma quickly assumed a fighting stance. "How many times do I have to teach you this
lesson, old man?!"
Akane reached out and pulled Katie back while stepping away herself as the old man lunged
at Ranma, hands raised to strike at him.
Ranma shot forward, closing the gap even faster and lashing out with his right hand to strike
Genma's neck. When he deflected it, Ranma pivoted to a left cross which was also batted
aside. This did not deter the boy as he came back yet again with a right vertical jab that was
blocked before Genma retaliated with a right cross.
The boy slapped it away as if to attack his attacker's attack, moving with the blow to slap the
taste out of his opponent's mouth.
Genma blocked it and grabbed Ranma's arm. When he resisted, both exchanged quick blows
with their free hands before the boy fired a side kick with his left leg that forced Genma to let
go so he could block with both arms.
The kick sent him stumbling back to hold himself in a wide, ungainly stance.
Akane couldn't even get a gasp out as the young man rushed in with a tight, controlled left
corkscrew jab that Genma smartly deflected. As he came with another heavy right cross,
Genma ducked under it smartly and the father and son pair fell into a lightning-fast exchange
of punches and kicks, with each seemingly escaping damage by a narrow margin.
It was like watching a rush of blows between Dragon Ball Z characters or Stands.
"He's…" Akane began, almost awestruck. "… He's good! He's fighting even with that old
guy."
"No," Katie shook her head as she took the exchange in. "That there young buck's winning."
Indeed, Ranma was sneaking in a slap to his face or using a block to connect a blow with his
body. An elbow to the chest of the man sent him sliding back two, three, four steps. His
slipper clad feet skipped and slapped against the pavement as he rushed into the opening his
blows created, leaving only time for the old man to hastily throw up a tight guard.
Ranma's body spun like a top as he jumped in, and the kicks he landed were like shotgun
blasts. The man's guard buckled, moving as he endured one pair of kicks. But then he took
two, then four, then eight before his defense finally broke, knocking him ass-over-teakettle up
the sidewalk.
Katie whistled, impressed at the display. "Dang."
Akane looked from Ranma to his opponent and back, more concerned about the cause of this
conflict.
Ranma was more than happy to shed some light on it, unprompted. "Chase me all you like,
the only thing you're catching are these hands! I am going back to China!"
"China?" Katie and Akane asked in unison.
In spite of the impressive beating he received, Saotome Genma got up and assumed a low
and wide stance more for grappling than striking. "Boy! There's nothing back there for you
but death and stupidity! Stop your bellyaching and come with me already!"
"Bellyaching?! Everything that went wrong was because of you and your stupid decisions!
Like every time! And like every time, you're just gonna cut your losses and run away no
matter what it does to me!"
"I didn't tell you to fight the Joketsuzoku! Or eat their food! That's on you!"
"The Joketsuzoku?" Katie and Akane said together again, while sharing looks, both surprised
that the young man was so well-traveled as much as that each other knew the term
themselves.
"You were there stuffing your face the same as me! Heck, you started first!" Ranma accused.
"Regardless!" Genma shouted like he was in a courtroom trying to parry a prosecutor's cross-
examination with a well-placed objection. "It was you who chose to pick a fight with that
warrior girl, and why we had to leave!"
Katie looked at Ranma, then at his old man. "Wait a minute, that's not right…"
"For the six-thousandth time! I had Shampoo handled! We could've gone back to Jusenkyo
without having to worry about her! But, and for the seven-thousandth time, YOU WANTED
TO LEAVE BECAUSE YOU DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT ANYBODY BUT
YOURSELF!"
Both Akane and Katie recoiled, eyes wide, at the mention of that name. They saw the same
on the scroll of the Fox Shrine before it collapsed.
"Jusenkyo?!"
Genma prepared himself. "Foolish boy, you keep talking at length about handling that girl.
Not thinking about the consequences of your actions!"
He threw himself at his son, right shoulder first, hands held open like claws to strike when he
entered range. "I spared us a war you never would have won!"
Ranma ducked under the first Tiger-style slash from Genma's left hand. "As if you actually
care!"
He side-hopped to avoid his right. "If they said they'd let you live, you'd throw me to them
bound and gagged!"
Bringing both hands together at the heels of his palms, Genma lunged at Ranma with his
palms and all ten fingers pointed at him. "I'd have ditched you to them a long time ago if that
were the case!"
When Ranma evaded and countered with a kick, he blocked it. "I need you alive, boy!"
"Yeah, you need me!" Ranma shouted back, as he rained more kicks on Genma. "As long as
I'm breathing, I'm your handy-dandy all-in-one scapegoat, excuse, meal ticket, and decoy!
Why do I always gotta suffer the consequences for your actions?!"
Genma endured the blows much better than he had before and even managed to lash out and
catch Ranma's right ankle. When Ranma twisted in his grip and swung the heel of his left
foot down towards the top of his head, Genma merely let go of his ankle and then caught the
descending heel.
"Too slow, bo–!" Ranma's heel spun in Genma's hand, and the older Saotome ate the sole of
the younger's other slipper.
Knocked back, Genma staggered and shook off the blow, while Ranma landed and hopped
from one foot to the other, ready for whatever he might try next. "I'll never be slower than
you!" He taunted.
Akane and Katie were engrossed by the showdown of father and son. All the questions they'd
had when the brawl started to take a back seat as they started analyzing the movements of
both fighters, picking apart the exchanges of play and counterplay despite their harrowing
speed.
Old boy is good, damn good, for his size and fitness, Katie thought. He's planning five moves
ahead, at the least, trying to fight a war of attrition.
Akane watched as Genma advanced on Ranma again, launching straight punches while his
son skipped backward to avoid them. He's too sloppy, she thought. Fighting to wear him
down only works if he's hitting him, but he's the one missing and getting hit.
She looked at Ranma. And he's just too fast, and he converts that speed to power almost
instantly.
Katie had the exact same thought. It doesn't matter how many steps out the old man is, the
buck is fast enough to adapt to it.
Finally, with a yell, Genma threw a punch close enough to land on Ranma's jaw. He fell
straight into a feint, Ranma catching and redirecting the punch away with his left hand while
drilling his right foot into his stomach with all the violence of a rifle shot.
Letting go of Genma's hand as he doubled over from the air being rammed from his lungs,
Ranma turned and scooped his father's chin with a rising uppercut that lifted the older man
off his feet and into the air in an arc away from him.
"And that's it," both girls said together once more as Genma flopped onto his back with a
loud clap.
Huffing, Ranma wagged his right hand to shake off the sting to his knuckles. "Do us both a
favor, and stay down this time, because next time it's gonna be worse."
Ranma, the girls decided, was a curiosity that had to be satisfied.
Where did he come from? Katie wondered.
Where did he learn that? Akane thought.
But more importantly, both really wanted to know.
Where has he been?!
Because this guy was definitely something special.
Akane stepped forward, and called to him. "Hey, Ranma, right?"
Ranma turned to her. "What?"
Akane looked at Genma laid out, then back at him. "… Are you okay?"
Ranma froze where he stood, staring at Akane like she'd asked him a question he'd never
heard before. "Uhh… what?"
She looked up and down at him. Now that the action was over, for the moment, details that
she'd glossed over while analyzing his fighting were coming forward. First, he was positively
filthy, like he'd been on the road for weeks without much in the way of amenities. Even
closer, she could see shadows under his eyes, and a growing weakness in his stance as the
adrenaline drained from him.
From her asking that question, Katie realized it, too. This guy was in bad shape, really bad
shape.
Contrary to what they both saw, Ranma finally responded to the question by squaring his
shoulders and looking aside, evading eye contact while reinforcing his façade.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Don't worry…" He looked back at his father. "… He got it way worse than
me."
Katie spoke. "Yeah, given all the hollerin' you were doin'? We ain't concerned with him."
Her kouhai agreed. "You look like you could use some rest."
"Among a few other things," Katie chimed in, not wanting to mention them for risk of
insulting the young man.
Ranma's guard remained in place. "Yeah, well don't worry about me. All I gotta do is put
distance between me and this guy and I'll be okay." He gave both girls a smile and a thumbs
up. "Thanks for the concern, though."
Katie and Akane were now worried. He was putting up a strong front, probably not to get
them wrapped up in his drama—and while they appreciated such chivalrous stubbornness,
Akane especially wasn't going to let the guy go off on his own in the state he was in.
"There's a ramen place not too far from here," she said. "At least let us buy you a bowl,
because you look hungry."
At the mention of a meal, Ranma's guard crumbled as his eyebrows rose like, again, he'd
been told something he'd never heard before. "Hey, well, if you're offerin', well…"
"Knock me down 99 times…"
He stopped when he heard Genma's voice. He looked back at him, as his father rose to his
feet.
Genma stood and assumed a fighting stance, reaching up to adjust his glasses. "… And I will
get up 100, boy."
Rolling his eyes in frustration, Ranma got ready to fight. "Then you'll go down 101."
He stopped, in surprise, when he sensed not merely an intent to harm—but that someone had
locked in.
Genma didn't expect the two young women who'd been on the sidelines to suddenly train
their gazes on him with an ill-intent not unlike his son's.
"Hold yer horses there, big man," Katie said in a calm but threatening tone. "You keep
swinging on your kid and we'll swing on you."
Akane agreed, with a much fiercer edge. "He's exhausted and hungry. We're not going to let
you harass him!"
Scoffing at both, Genma did not back down. "This doesn't concern you. Mind your own
business and go about your day!"
"Like heck I am!" Akane shouted back.
"We ain't the sort to see some nonsense and go 'not my farm, not my horses,'" Katie said, "So
excuse us if we step in!"
Genma solidified his stance. "I said, don't interfere, this is a matter between family!"
Katie bristled with fury. "And when you put it like THAT, now we HAVE to kick yer ass!"
She and Akane assumed their stances, before the taller girl shouted out.
"FUCK HIM UP!"
To Ranma's surprise, Akane and Katie both shot toward his father.
The speed of it reminded him of Shampoo. But unlike that idiot, they moved with a purpose,
force, and clarity of purpose he had yearned to see from her as they reached his father.
Genma, who had tacitly avoided every encounter with Shampoo by playing the part of a
large, dumb panda bear—was not prepared for the surprise of two random teenage girls
sliding on him at high speed.
Akane reached him first, and before he could attempt to evade or parry—she drove a
powerful left cross straight into his solar plexus.
"100."
As with before, the air exploded from Genma's lungs, all at once in a guttural cough. He had
no chance to reclaim it. Like against Kamaitachi, Katie came right over Akane's head with a
crisp flying crescent kick that caught Genma in his face.
Down Genma went, flipping head-over-foot stiff as a board until he hit a light pole with a
clang. He then crumpled to the ground.
Katie landed.
"101."
She sneered at the man. "Now, take no hurry getting up for the 102nd time, jackass."
"Oh, okay," Ranma said, sounding like he now understood it. His exhaustion was hitting
harder, now. "You're martial artists, too."
Both girls turned to him, Katie confirming it. "Guilty."
Akane wasn't going to let the window of opportunity close. "Yes, yes, we can discuss it on
the way. Let's get out of here before he wakes up!"
She walked up to Ranma and took his hand. "Please, come with us, so we can get you away
from that lunatic."
Ranma was surprised as Akane took his hand. "Uh… okay…?"
As he was led off, he stared at his hand held in hers, and then at the headstrong girl herself.
Katie, smiling at Akane's insistent kindness, followed…
… Riiiiiight after going back over to Genma and giving him another swift kick in the head.
@@@@@
Classes weren't starting at Tomobiki High School. With the arrival of Mrs. Mendō, the
student body was more interested in what her visit meant in the post-Shūtaro era.
Ever since Mrs. Mendō and Nick entered the teachers' office, many students were gathered
around or nearby, wondering what result would come from the discussion that nobody else
was privy to. Even other teachers had been driven out of the office, and the door was secured
so no one could peek in.
Just outside the door, Sakura all but pressed her ear to it, trying to make anything out. On the
other side of the doorway, Ryūnosuke shook her head.
"Ain't you the sort who's already short with people being nosy?"
Sakura turned her head away and cleared her throat to try to look like she hadn't been doing
anything of the sort.
"Even the blinds are pulled," Kōsuke reported to Hokuto and Ataru as he returned to his
classmates in the hallway near the office doors. "Oi, Hokuto, can't you just smash down the
door or something? You're big."
Hokuto declined. "No, my girlfriend would kill me and then my brothers would kill me
again."
Ataru hummed. "Maybe I could get Lum to do it…"
"No thanks," Lum said as she floated above Ataru and his friends. "Sherman-sensei wants his
privacy, and I'll respect that."
Looking up at her, Ataru pleaded. "Come on, don't you want to know what's going on…?"
Lum gave Ataru a smug look with half-lidded eyes before she turned away with a huff.
Hokuto hummed grimly. "She knows you want something and is holding out because you've
been bad."
Ataru rolled his eyes and spoke out of the corner of his mouth to Kōsuke. "Get a look at the
girlfriend-whisperer over here…"
Kōsuke did, with desperation in his eyes. "Teach me your ways, shishou!"
Hokuto ground his knuckles into the tops of both Kōsuke and Ataru's heads. "Piss off!"
Laughing as he broke free, Ataru turned towards Ryūnosuke, who was standing guard by the
door to the office with Sakura. "Hey, Ryū-chan!"
"No."
She didn't even pause to think about her answer. Ataru just sighed and smiled at the tomboy.
"… I can't even be mad at her, she's so cute."
Seeing Lum react with a sour look at her fiancé, Hokuto lamented the sheer density of
Moroboshi Ataru, but he was a friend, so…
"What do you suppose the odds are that Mendō will come back?" He asked, hoping to change
the subject away from trying to break into the parent-teacher conference or upsetting Lum.
Before Ataru could open his mouth, Ryūnosuke cut him short again. "Don't. I want to keep
hope alive for a little longer."
Nanto, walking over to the group, dashed that hope entirely. "There really is no point in
asking for odds, being in Moroboshi's presence alone ensures the worst outcome."
He flicked some of his long blonde hair in disdain. "It's a shame, too. We were just getting
used to him not being around."
Kosuke and Hokuto had to agree, while Ataru grumbled.
Overhearing that, one of the girls among the many gathered in the hallway spoke up. "Being
honest, I actually kind of miss having Mendō around."
Another girl beside her agreed. "Yeah, that lunch thing was kind of scummy, but he was
never not a gentleman to any of us."
A third girl chimed in. "Plus, we did lose a lot of male aesthetics when he left…"
Yet another girl agreed. "Aside from him and Nanto, there aren't many boys worth looking at,
no…"
"What about Hokuto?"
"Look at him at your own peril."
Ryūnosuke took offense to that. "Hey, ain't you the same girls that joined in the fight when I
told you what his game really was?"
Ataru threw up a fist and shouted in support. "Yeah, get 'em!"
One of the girls answered her. "Well, yeah, we didn't want our freedom to go out to lunch
taken away, and we got that!"
As the others nodded, yet another girl spoke up. "We can still want Mendō back; he was still
nice and did all sorts of things for us."
Ryūnosuke's disgust was matched by her male classmates and Nanto. Even Ataru, who was
hard-pressed to say a bad thing about a woman who wasn't his mother or Lum, looked away
from the shallow and materialistic girls pining for the return of Mendō like he was their sugar
daddy, and the rent was due.
A growl that was closer to the sound of someone covering up a retch caught everyone's ear.
"You all make me sick!"
All eyes turned to the girl who'd spoken. It was a tall, short-haired student, dressed in the t-
shirt and shorts required for gym, sneering in disgust as she walked up to the group of girls.
The girl who confessed to wanting Mendō back especially gasped. "C-Captain Natsuko!"
Nanto shook his head. "The Volleyball Ogre, Natsuko…"
Ataru was surprised. "Oh, I forgot about her."
Natsuko looked left and right. "'Oh, Mendō was so nice! Oh, Mendō did things for us! Oh,
Mendō has so much money and looks so good!'" She said in a sing-song falsetto before she
spat on the ground.
"PUH-LEASE! Could any of you chicks be more pathetic? Mooning over that sissy just
because you miss the money he threw around! You all should be ashamed for being so
obvious about it!"
Natsuko spiked it home like it was a volleyball. "Buncha Moroboshis in dresses and
somehow worse to look at."
As the other girls recoiled from the harsh rebuke, Ryūnosuke was relieved that there was a
girl around here with her head screwed on right.
"Thank you!" She praised Natsuko. "They're being irrational as hell, right now."
Turning to Ryūnosuke, Natsuko's scowl sharpened. "Nobody was talking to you, teacher's
pet."
Ryūnosuke recoiled at the unexpected shot at her. So much for having her head screwed on
right. "Well, you can get bent too, bitch."
With a swagger, Natsuko stepped into Ryūnosuke's personal space. "Haah? What was that?"
Ryūnosuke squared up to her without hesitation. "You're asking me! I don't even know who
you are, so what's with your attitude?"
Ataru popped up to muscle between them, while gesturing to Natsuko. "Ah, Ryū-chan, this
babe here is Natsuko–!"
Reaching up as he spoke, Natsuko placed her hand on his face and shoved him back. "Oh, I'm
sorry, I just don't have patience for any girl who needs a man in her life."
Ataru came up again, placing his hands on their shoulders to push them apart. "She's captain
of the volleyball team and–!"
He was summarily no-look backhanded by Ryūnosuke for laying on hands as she grew more
agitated. "You must not have one, then, because starting shit like this is pretty fatherless
behavior."
Natsuko's eyes grew wide with the hostility she was coming at Ryūnosuke with. "Tell me,
Tomboy, why is your new Daddy so much nicer than your old one? He really likes dressing
you up!"
That drilled deep into Ryūnosuke, and she got ready to swing. "Oh, fuck you–!"
Ataru came back again, trying to dive in between them. "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Time out!
There's a line–!"
Sakura grabbed the side of Ataru's head and threw him away before she bodily intervened
herself.
"Loath as I am to say it, he's right!" She roared as she got between them. She turned to
Natsuko, her glare fiery as she pointed at her. "You. Back to your classroom!"
She looked at all the other students yammering around her. "All of you, back to your classes!
Or I'll start handing out detentions!"
Backpedaling as everyone began to clear out, Natsuko made sure Ryūnosuke saw her pulling
down her right lower eyelid with her middle finger and sticking her tongue out at her as she
retreated.
Sakura pointed at her. "Detention! No Volleyball after class, Natsuko!"
"Nah, let her go!" Ryūnosuke growled while Sakura held her back from pursuing the fleeing
antagonist. "I'll catch her at gym!"
She pushed off from Sakura's arm, seething. "Seriously, who the heck was that? What's her
beef with me?!"
Lum floated over, looking back. "I don't know, but Natsuko-cha is very aggressive, very
strong, and always angry."
She tapped a finger on her cheek. "Actually, when we first met you, you reminded me a lot of
her."
Ryūnosuke huffed, trying to rein in her rage. "What's her excuse?!"
Sakura was surprised Ryūnosuke acknowledged her past life rather than being offended at the
comparison to her.
Lum made a face. "She's probably very insecure about her looks and that you're more popular
than her."
Ryūnosuke and Sakura both looked at Lum, who seemed a lot more about it than she
normally was with her flighty alien ways. "I was on the Volleyball Team with her for two
weeks until I was kicked off for being an unfair advantage, she was annoying."
That had Tomobiki's greatest tomboy flummoxed. "Wait, so she straight up doesn't like me."
"Yes, you have a hater," Lum confirmed.
She had to admit, with how girls would follow her around like they did Mendō, she never
thought there'd be any who just did not like her. "… Ah."
Ataru shook his head, lamenting the conflict already. "There is nothing worse in the world,
than watching two pretty girls fight each other. Except when they're wearing swimsuits and
fighting mud, whipped cream, or scented oil–!"
Lum took aim and zapped Ataru with enough force to drop him. "Disgusting."
Ryūnosuke snorted. "I'm kicking her ass next time I see her."
Sakura turned to her. "Whatever you do, consult your father, first."
Saying it like that had its intended effect, as Ryūnosuke felt warm and fuzzy from Sakura
acknowledging her and Nick's relationship.
She sighed. "Fine, I will…"
Lum thought it was sweet. "Aw, you called Sherman-sensei her Papa."
Sakura nodded. "I may as well."
The door to the teacher's office opened, and Ryūnosuke, Sakura, and Lum moved back as
Mrs. Mendō emerged. Walking with her head held up, and a gloved hand raised to conceal
her lips, there was no hiding the smile and the satisfaction that radiated from her. Regarding
the students and school nurse with a nod, she left for the front doors of the school without a
word.
Sakura was stunned at the woman's metamorphosis. She had gone from stern and imposing to
compliant and polite when she went into the office, and now that she was leaving, she was
glowing with joy. Knowing what she knew of the Shermans, she whirled upon Nick as he
stepped out into the hallway.
"Huh, still a few of you out here," he said, "Ain't classes start a half-hour ago–?"
"YOU DIDN'T!" Sakura yelled.
Nick scooted back, surprised at her outburst. "Did what?"
"Really? Mrs. Mendō?! In the office?!" She demanded, incredulous.
Nick held up a finger. "I believe you have to name the murder weapon as well in Clue, hon."
"ME IN THE HALL WITH MY FIST!" Sakura shouted as she swung on Nick.
Expertly he deflected her punch. "I'm sorry, Sakura, but are you doin' that thing again where
your severely repressed mind runs away with lurid ideas? Because all we did was talk, and
Mrs. Mendō found the conclusion we reached satisfactory."
"So you did not seduce her?" Sakura demanded.
Nick recoiled at the very idea. "I wouldn't do anything so inappropriate at school at all, much
less during class hours."
Ryūnosuke turned and gave Sakura a condemning look. "You need to call up your man and
get those needs tended to."
And on the third innuendo, he rose. "Do not worry, for I am here."
Nick let go of Sakura's wrist so she could punch Ataru faster than Lum could zap him.
As he went into a wall, he shook his head. "Shootin' your shot whenever you have one is
never wrong, but that's all dependin' on having one, son."
Ryūnosuke was just disgusted. "If Ataru's game were basketball, he wouldn't have a hoop on
most courts."
A dark laugh left Nick. "If Ataru's game were basketball, he'd be on a golf course–"
Ryūnosuke snapped onto it, understanding where he was going with this. "Eighteen holes and
no way to score!"
"HA!" Nick barked out, Ryūnosuke joining in with a chuckle of her own.
Sakura, wide eyed, brought a hand to her mouth and looked away as she tried not to laugh at
the crude joke.
Lum didn't get it.
Ataru was dreaming of Sakura hitting him even harder in his unconscious daze.
"Anyway, speaking of shooters, I gotta go talk shop with the Principal," Nick said as he
headed down the hall.
Quickly both Ryūnosuke and Sakura moved to follow him, the latter asking. "Wait, Sherman-
sensei, what did you and the Lady Mendō discuss?"
Ryūnosuke was concerned as well. "Yeah, is that dimwit coming back here or what?"
Nick looked back. "That all depends."
"On what?" They both asked as Nick reached the office.
Nick knocked on the door as he answered them. "… The Principal."
Chapter End Notes
Looks like a good first impression has been made. Speaking of impressions, I wonder
what's got Mrs. Mendō so pleased?
Chapter 43: Out the Fire into the Pan
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Opening the door from his bedroom to the sitting room, Soun slipped his phone into the
pocket of his dark brown gi and stepped over to the table. Nabiki was lying on her back,
holding her phone above her and scrolling through her timeline. Kasumi had been doing the
same until the door opened, and she rose to greet her father.
"Morning, Daddy," she said brightly. "There's still plenty of breakfast warming in the kitchen.
I'll be right back with it."
Soun nodded and watched Kasumi go, almost in a daze, before he numbly walked over to his
spot at the table and sat down. He stared at Nabiki, all of her attention focused on her phone
screen, then at the empty spot Akane would normally sit. A single thought ran through his
mind as he settled into place.
He was hosed.
"You good, Dad?"
He jumped, surprised that his second daughter was in fact aware of the world around her.
When he looked again, he found her staring at him.
"You're doing that thing when you do something you know we won't like, and don't want to
confront us about it."
"What thing?" Soun asked, feigning ignorance so he could learn to avoid that tell later.
"You walked into the room without saying anything to Kasumi or me. Even if you're worried
about something, you should at least say something to her."
Soun made a mental note to avoid that tell later.
Nabiki of course deliberately didn't mention his plodding, heavy steps as he trudged to his
spot like a dead man walking, which was the actual tell. "Luckily, I am literally too full of
steak to be bothered by anything, really."
Soun perked up. "Steak? When did we–?"
"Katie brought a whole mess of it this morning as compensation for letting her have breakfast
with us." She went back to stare at her phone. "I'm gonna keep it one hundred: if she were a
dude I'd be talking about marriage right now."
It took effort and control to not flinch at that word, and this time the poker face worked. It
helped that Soun was genuinely excited about having steak for breakfast. "I'd gladly give you
away myself." He said with a small chuckle before he asked. "Where are Akane-chan and her
generous friend?"
"They went to Butsumetsu to hang out with Sōban, Curly, and the boys. They won't be back
until later."
Good, he still had time to gather his thoughts and decide how to approach his daughters with
the news. Hopefully he would not have to deal with it for a few hours; he could enjoy his
breakfast, relax, get his dailies done, and–
"We're back!" Akane abruptly shouted from the front of the house, causing Soun to jump.
"Oh, welcome back…" He heard Kasumi begin before she suddenly exclaimed. "Oh my!
Hello!"
"Uh, hi…" A young man's voice answered in an awkward murmur, causing Soun confusion
and for Nabiki to lower her phone and sit up.
Akane emerged in the family room, leading Ranma behind her. She hadn't let his hand go the
entire way back to the dojo, so he was looking and feeling a little like a lost child brought to a
police station.
"Who is this?" The Patriarch of the Tendo family asked, surprised to see a young man in his
house, brought by Akane no less.
Nabiki was similarly confused. "Hold up, why are you bringing boys home before me?"
"That one's too easy, hon, we're gonna skip it and move on," Katie said as she brought up the
rear.
"Oh, screw you," Nabiki shot back playfully.
Akane was still on a mission. "Daddy, do you have any spare clothes he can wear?"
Before he could answer, she let go of Ranma's hand and pointed at the hallway leading to the
ofuro as she turned to him. "The bath's through there. Go get cleaned up and we'll get you a
change of clothes and food ready."
Ranma stammered a bit—not at all able to handle this cute, assertive girl going out of her
way to help him—and just went with it. "Okay, uh, thanks."
He left the sitting room, heading down the short hall to the ofuro. Satisfied when she heard
the door open and close, Akane sat down at her spot, Katie joining her.
Nabiki looked back and forth between the two friends, before she asked. "All right, then:
what the hell?"
Katie yielded the floor to Akane, since she had taken the lead thus far, and she seized it.
"Senpai and I had just made it to Furinkan, and we were talking with Mendō, when he–"
She gestured in the direction of the ofuro to indicate Ranma.
"–dropped in on him. They started bickering when this other guy, that guy's Dad, tried to get
the jump on him."
She passed the exposition to Katie, who took it. "Yeah, they scrapped a bit, and we backed
him up because it was pretty obvious his old man was the aggressor."
Akane took it back. "And then we brought him here so his dad wouldn't know where to
look."
Nabiki now stared blankly at the two of them. "Wait, so… you met some random hot boy off
the street, jumped his Dad, and brought him here, because…?"
"It was the right thing to do," Akane said. "He's tired, hungry, and probably hasn't bathed in
weeks."
"Plus, he's got hands," Katie added.
Nabiki was going to wonder if this was another dumb martial artist thing, but Katie's answer
sealed it. "Uh huh."
Soun sat still, hand stroking his chin, and listening intently. Or rather he was giving the
impression he was. Beneath his attentive façade his mind was racing as he assembled context
clues that brought him to the conclusion that he'd just rolled three natural 1s in a row and the
DM that was life was rubbing its hands together and licking its lips.
"So, does our guest have a name?" Nabiki asked as Kasumi brought in the food that had been
warming in the kitchen to set it out for both her father and their guest.
Soun wore a curious look as he silently concurred with Nabiki's inquiry.
Please do not say Ranma. Please do not say Ranma. Please do not say Ranma.
"He introduced himself to Mendō as Ranma," Akane revealed.
DAMN IT!
He visibly flinched. Nabiki looked. He brought a hand to his chest to rub the bandaged
wound.
Something was up, she realized.
"He's a hell of a martial artist," Katie said. "Man's got a foot in the grave and he was piecing
up his old man like it was light work."
"Oh?" Kasumi asked as she went into her father's room to fetch a spare gi. Since he only
wore the darker colored ones, she had no issue finding a lighter one that wasn't used. "Why
was he fighting his father?"
Katie shook her head. "I could not tell you, but just from what they were shouting, they just
got back from China, and it was not good."
"Not good? They mentioned being chased by one of the Joketsuzoku," Akane added.
Nabiki drew back a bit. "… Deadass?"
"He sounded like he could handle her, though."
Katie huffed. "Yeah, it looked like it, too. His old man was a coward."
Soun's mood shifted, from the existential dread of having to face his daughters with some
looming revelations to a nostalgic annoyance at the man they spoke of.
Saotome, you jackass! What the hell are you bringing to my house?!
The fact he looked more annoyed than trying to hide any kind of guilt threw off Nabiki's
surreptitious analysis of her father's body language to divine what he was hiding.
With the gi in hand and a name to go by, Kasumi made her way to the ofuro and stepped into
the changing room separating the hallway from the actual bath. Setting the clothes onto the
counter and gathering Ranma's clothes to put in the wash, she tapped on the wooden sliding
door and called through it.
"Ranma-kun? There's a change of clothes out here, they may be a little bit loose but
unfortunately all we have for men belongs to my father, is that okay?"
On the other side of the door, Ranma had scrubbed and rinsed himself off and had just sat in
the tub. "Yeah, sure."
Kasumi perked up, in confusion. Was Ranma's voice… different just now? "Pardon?"
Realizing his error, Ranma cursed to himself before ducking under the warm water of the tub.
Coming back up, he wiped the water that clung to his face before calling to her. "Sorry, I said
that will be fine, thank you."
"All right, then," Kasumi said. "Take your time and relax. There will be food waiting for you
as soon as you're ready."
As Kasumi left and closed the door leading to the outer room, Ranma sat back in the tub and
looked at the ceiling.
"Relax, huh…" He muttered, hoping that his father wouldn't crash through the wall to attack
him.
He waited, breath held, for any sound of such movement. When there was none, his attention
shifted to his current predicament.
In all honesty, Ranma expected to have to start living under a bridge, one of the abandoned
buildings near the SAD's wall, or subject himself to hanging out with Sōban and his guys.
Getting picked up by a couple of cute girls who wanted to help him rather than hurt him was
a change of pace he didn't know he needed.
"A warm bath, a roof over my head, cute girls that can fight who are actually nice, and…" He
sniffed the air. "Wait, is that steak?"
Folding his hands behind his head, Ranma sighed in relief. "Aw man, I hope this is the other
shoe after the first one dropped."
How nice it would've been if it was. After soaking for a bit and getting dressed in the
(somewhat baggy) clothes offered to him, Ranma emerged into the living room and found a
large bowl of rice and a plate of steaks piled just as high as the bowl. Without hesitation he
bolted to his seat, grabbed the bowl and chopsticks and began stuffing his face.
"Thank you very much," he said through the mouthfuls of rice and steak as he ate with the
urgency of a man under heavy machine gun fire. "It's very good."
Kasumi had to ask. "Thank you, but are you sure you're even tasting it?"
Nabiki stared at Ranma as he ate in silence for a moment, before turning to Akane and Katie.
"He really is one of you, huh?"
Akane grew defensive at being called out on her appetite, especially in front of a guest.
"Being active like we are costs calories!"
"Shoot, we only went there and back and I'm thinking about havin' another bowl," Katie said
absently while watching Ranma enjoy his food so much.
"Senpai…" Akane grumbled, as Katie did not help.
As his daughters bickered as sisters do, Soun turned to him.
"Ranma, correct?" He asked, prompting the boy to look up from his meal.
Maybe, just maybe, he's a different Ranma and this isn't a nightmare, just a happy
coincidence–
"Yeah, Saotome Ranma, sorry for not introducin' myself earlier."
DAMN IT! Soun screamed in his thoughts, before continuing. "What brings you here to the
Special Administration District?"
"Huh? Oh, I live here," he revealed. "My old man's house is in Butsumetsu."
It wasn't so much a house as a loft that they hid in while the owners didn't know. Stealth
training, his father called it. In truth, sometimes Ranma felt bad about their frustration at all
the mail they'd keep getting that wasn't addressed to them.
"I see," Soun said. "My daughter Akane, and her friend Katie here… they say that you are a
rather impressive martial artist. What's your style?"
Maybe, just maybe, he's a different Saotome Ranma. Nerima is a weird town of weird
coincidences, there's just as good a chance that he could someone not at all related to–
"The Saotome School of Indiscriminate Grappling, why?"
DAMN IT! A credit to Soun, he didn't show any outward sign of distress. Though, at that
moment Katie turned and looked at him, tilting her head slightly like a puppy that just heard a
sound that human ears couldn't catch.
Akane, Nabiki, and Kasumi all perked up at Ranma's answer, with the first exclaiming.
"Indiscriminate Grappling? That's our school, too!"
Ranma stopped, a brief flash of realization and panic overcoming him. "… Wait." He pulled
back from being too suspicious. "… Really?"
How many shoes were there to drop? Was this a centipede situation or something? Maybe,
just maybe this wasn't the–
Akane nodded. "Though ours is the Tendo School of Indiscriminate Grappling."
DAMN IT! I ENDED UP IN THE LAST PLACE I WANT TO BE! Ranma screamed in his
thoughts.
Katie's eyes darted from Soun to Ranma and back a few times, growing visibly confused.
Kasumi was surprised. "What a strange coincidence… ah!"
A memory had come to her; when everyone turned their attention to her, she asked Ranma.
"… You're Uncle Genma's son, aren't you?"
Soun was openly horrified. HOW DO YOU REMEMBER HIM?! YOU WERE FOUR!
"Uncle?!" Akane and Nabiki exclaimed, both surprised (and in Nabiki's case disappointed) to
know they had relatives they didn't know about.
Soun quickly spoke. "He was not my actual brother."
"Oh." The sisters relaxed, both glad (and in Nabiki's case relieved) to know they didn't have
relatives they didn't know about.
Ranma's mind was racing. Okay, all of a sudden, I'm deep in enemy territory. I need to think
about how to get out of here without starting a fight… after I finish my food.
"He was my brother in training beneath our Old Master. Many years ago, when he passed, we
chose to go our separate ways," Soun explained.
Akane realized. "Uh oh." She looked at Katie, who realized it with her. "Then that means that
jerk we beat up was him."
Katie leaned back on her hands. "He still deserved it."
"Well, obviously."
Ranma's careening thoughts came to a stop. Wait, they don't know him. They didn't know
me… do they even know…?
Nabiki looked at Ranma, Katie and Akane, and then finally at her father.
He looked back at her.
Their eyes met.
Something clicked.
And Nabiki's narrowed.
"Okay, Dad, spill."
Three words that had the entire table looking at the Patriarch of the Tendo Family.
"Spill what?" Akane asked, levelly, but with an edge that promised harsh rebuke if she didn't
like what was to be spilled.
Nabiki hummed. "He's been acting sus since he woke up, and even more when Ranma got
here."
Almost casually she pointed at him. "You knew Ranma was coming, didn't you?"
Ranma looked from Nabiki to Soun, then back to the girls. They don't know!
Things were good again.
Exposed, Soun began to perspire. "Well, you see, when I woke, I received a message from
Saotome that he was bringing Ranma here–"
Akane's scrutiny matched Nabiki's. "Dad, what's going on?"
Kasumi joined in, though she was gentler than her siblings. "Why didn't you say anything? Is
there something you don't want to tell us?"
"I'll say there is," Ranma answered.
Soun began to perspire more as he realized where this was going.
The boy knew.
Ranma was suddenly the center of attention, Katie getting ahead of the pack to ask. "So why
are you here, man?"
Setting down his chopsticks, something he rarely did with food still on his plate, Ranma
folded his arms. "My old man dragged me here, all the way from China 'to marry me off to
the daughter of the master of the Tendo School of Indiscriminate Grappling, to 'unite our
schools', as decided before I was born."
The silence at the table was deafening, as Kasumi, Nabiki, and Akane slowly turned their
heads to stare with wide, increasingly angry eyes at their father. Seeing the looks on their
faces, Katie removed her hands from the table, placed them on the floor beside her knees, and
pushed herself back from the splash zone. Noticing her, Ranma did the same, scooting back
on his knees from the table.
He leaned back in, grabbing his chopsticks and bowl, and piled a few more steaks onto his
rice before he withdrew again.
Soun braced himself, as pointless as it was to do, just before the bomb went off.
"YOU BETROTHED US?!" Akane screamed at him.
"Wow, way to go, Dad! Just go for almost twenty years without informing your kids that you
decided their lives for them!" Nabiki accused.
"Daddy, he's Akane's age! I can't marry him! I don't even like younger men!" Kasumi railed.
She stopped and turned to Ranma to reassure him. "No offense at all to you, you seem nice,
and you've been very polite."
Ranma, with a mouthful of rice and steak, gave a thumbs up.
Kasumi whirled back onto her father. "How could you do this?!"
"Did Mom know about this little pact of yours?!" Nabiki yelled at him.
"After everything I've been through with those stupid boys at school, you were going to
spring this on me?!" Akane shrieked.
Katie felt small in front of the wrath of the three daughters being thrown at their father. "… I
bet avoiding this is why I'm an only child…"
Despite the fury cascading over him, Soun endured it, letting out only a weak sob before he
mustered a reply. "At the time, before either of us had even met a woman to start families
with, it sounded like a great idea. We had lived in a nightmare we didn't think we'd escape,
either alive or sane."
He lowered his head. "And after the nightmare ended, we parted ways. There was no chance
to take it back, and it truly slipped my mind until Saotome messaged me."
He pulled back from the table, only to bow on his hands and feet with his forehead on the
floor. "I'm very sorry, please take your anger out on me alone."
That quelled their fury a bit, and the Tendo Sisters all pulled back and looked at one another.
"He's in the doghouse," Kasumi declared.
Nabiki and Akane nodded in agreement, before the former added. "For two weeks,
minimum."
"I say a month," the latter suggested.
Nabiki weighed on that. "A month is perfect, actually."
Both girls were of the same thought. More time, more leverage. Kasumi, her eyes darting
between her little sisters, sensed the intent naturally, and agreed.
All nodding, they turned back to their father, Kasumi again taking the lead. "Daddy, we want
you to go on a month-long sabbatical and think about what you've done."
She softened a bit. "You can still come by to pick up some food, but we don't want to see you
around for a while."
Katie and Ranma were of the same thought. Holy crap, they just kicked their Dad out of his
own house.
Soun, however, was overjoyed to the point of tears. YES! THEY DON'T HATE ME!
"You don't even have to go that far. See if Dr. Tofu will let you stay with him, like last time,"
Nabiki suggested.
This has happened before?! Ranma and Katie were again of the same thought.
That part did make Soun grimace, but keeping his head bowed hid it. Staying with Dr. Tofu
meant he would have to go on Neighborhood Watch patrols.
"… Very well."
It would be a bit more difficult, but I'm sure I can finesse a way out of them, maybe I could
help Tofu with talking to–
Kasumi then added. "And if you try to avoid helping him on the Neighborhood Watch, you
can stay out for two months,"
Soun slammed his fists on the tatami floor, cursing.
"Them's the terms, Daddy, deal with it," Nabiki warned him.
Soun rose to his knees. "Fine," he said, "I know I need to pay him back for all the times I
avoided going. I am sorry for being a coward."
"You mean lazy," Akane corrected.
Even mad at him, she'd never call him a coward after he protected Kasumi and fought
Madame Kamenbell to scout his abilities for her, after all.
Uncle Nick might like this guy. Katie thought as the Soun bowed his head again, though not
as dramatically, in supplication to the daughters he clearly cherished.
Ranma felt something he was pretty sure was envy as he observed the same. I hope this
doesn't mean that my school is the "Evil" School.
Akane brought up the next point of order. "All right, with the punishment handed out, there's
something else we have to decide."
As Nabiki and Kasumi turned to her, she explained. "We should let Ranma stay here."
"Yes." Nabiki said extremely quickly.
Kasumi was taken off guard by the speed Nabiki backed Akane up.
Ranma spoke up. "Hey, you don't have to–"
"It's fine," Akane said. "There's lots of room here, and you sound like you've been on the road
a lot."
"So yeah, make yourself at home." Nabiki offered. "There's an extra room upstairs right
across from mine that we don't use for much. You can crash there."
Nabiki joining on the generosity train surprised the younger sister as much as the elder. The
middle caught them both staring at her.
"What? I can be kind, too."
Both sisters understood that, but they also understood that kindness didn't normally come for
free.
Ranma did as well. "Look, I appreciate the offer, I really do, but this is the last place I need to
be staying!"
The reason why chose that moment to arrive before he needed to be explained or
remembered. The sitting room's patio door was thrown open, revealing Genma Saotome
standing there, panting heavily, his gi soaked in sweat, looking at Soun.
"TENDO!" He shouted. "There's no time to explain! Ranma got away from me, and I need
your help–!"
He stopped when he saw his son, the two girls that ran off with him, another girl he presumed
was his second daughter Nabiki, and the first daughter Kasumi.
"Four daughters?" He asked. "Well, at least Ranma's not short of choice for who he's going to
marry to bring the schools together."
Soun greeted his old friend. "Ah, Saotome, you're still terrible at reading the room, I see."
Before that needed to be explained, Akane, Katie, and Ranma were already rushing him.
Ranma's right kick connected with his face, Akane's left punch drove into his stomach, and
Katie's right knee connected with his chest. Genma was fired from the patio doorway and
across the Tendo home's backyard, hitting the stone wall that bordered it and dropping
unceremoniously into the home's koi pond.
Chapter End Notes
Get it? Because Ranma's still cooked! Leave comment!
Chapter 44: Living in Interesting Times
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
A plume of water rose where Genma entered the koi pond, as though a bomb had landed and
exploded in the water. KKatie and Akane weren't just on their guard; they were prepared to
sprint across the yard and make it emphatically clear to Saotome Genma that he wasn't
welcome in the Tendo Dojo.
"Who just barges in like that?!" Akane seethed.
Behind the three martial artists, Kasumi and Nabiki—who hadn't left their spots at the table
—commented on what Genma had said.
"Four daughters?" Nabiki repeated.
"I don't remember Uncle Genma being around after Akane was born, so I guess he just
assumed," Kasumi noted.
Nabiki shot her a look as Soun shook his head in disappointment. "Please don't call him
uncle."
Seeing where his father had landed, Ranma pulled a grimace at his abysmal luck. Of all the
places he'd end up, it had to be in a pond. I hope the water's warm…
Akane glanced at Ranma and Katie. "How hard do we beat him up to make him go away?"
Ranma let out a snort. "If that were possible, I'd have gotten rid of him a long time ago."
That did not bode well to Katie. "Oh, so he's one of them there special kind of stubborn
idiots."
The koi pond erupted then, as Genma's body sprang from the water and into the air before
coming to a heavy landing in the middle of the yard. To Akane and Katie's shock, instead of a
stocky, middle-aged man in a grungy gi and cracked sunglasses, Saotome Genma was now a
massive panda bear in a grungy gi with cracked sunglasses dangling off his right ear.
"Growf!" The Panda grunted, as he adopted the same grappling stance he'd tried to use on
Ranma earlier.
"The panda!" Akane yelped in alarm.
Katie's gaze darted quickly between the panda and Ranma, as her thoughts went back to the
Fox Temple and its spring.
In exasperation, she muttered. "You gotta be shitting me…"
Before any questions could be asked, Genma went on the attack, moving faster than he had as
a human to get at his son—again ignoring the girls as he honed in.
This was a mistake. As Ranma prepared to guard, Genma-Panda suddenly reared back and
brought the arm to block the right knee Katie jumped to drive into the left side of his ursine
head. As he swung his arm out and pushed her back, he was suddenly struck hard in the gut
by a powerful right hook by Akane that made waves ripple across his white-furred belly.
Katie landed as Genma-panda staggered back, covering where Akane had punched him. As
he turned his head to roar at the younger girl for getting in his way, her senpai launched
another attack, delivering a roundhouse kick that connected across his back.
Genma-panda lurched forward, turning the blow into momentum to knock aside Akane. She
used both hands to leapfrog over the arm before driving both her feet into Genma-panda's
face, sending him falling back the way he came.
"You have some nerve! Coming into my house and demanding my Dad force your son to
marry one of us!" She shouted at him.
"What she said!" Katie agreed as she fell on him with a barrage of punches Genma-panda
parried and blocked as quickly as she threw at him.
Spotting an opening in her combo, he threw a counterjab—only for Katie to reveal her feint
and sidestep the counter to slam her elbow into his jaw.
He staggered away, turning in a full circle, and prepared to tackle Katie, but Ranma
connected a flying kick to the side of his head and knocked him to the ground. Laid out face
down, Genma got all four paws down and growled as he looked back at his son.
"Golly, he really is a panda!" Katie complained. "All that fat is like a big ol' cushion!"
Ranma agreed. "That's the worst thing about it, and he knows it, too!"
As Ranma continued, Genma-panda stood up. "He's faster in a straight line, takes hits better
than when he's a guy, and those claws of his have real bear strength behind them!"
Genma-panda started to puff himself up and even took a stance to look more threatening as
Ranma described the risks to take him on. His son, however, wasn't going to let him ride on
that.
"He's still an idiot and if you hit him hard enough, he'll stay down because he's a wuss."
Taking exception to that, Genma-panda demonstrated that great straight-line speed in rushing
down his son. Ducking under a lightning-fast right paw swipe, Ranma jumped and sprang off
a follow up left to kick his father-turned-panda across his face, causing him to spin around.
Grinning victoriously, Ranma called out. "Plus, he may run fast but he's slow everywhere
el–!"
Genma-panda, mid-spin, lashed out and caught Ranma by the leg, and with all his might
threw him straight into the koi pond with another loud splash.
He wasn't allowed to enjoy his victory, as Katie punt-kicked him in the chin, causing him to
look straight up into the sky. Going low, the American girl plowed into him with a spear,
folding him in half, then lifted him up and threw him over her head to land on his back with a
loud thud.
"What a suplex!" Kasumi said in surprise.
"That spear, too," Nabiki praised.
Shaking his head, Genma-panda snarled in frustration and lifted his head up, only to be
kicked in his snout by Akane.
His head hitting the ground, he kicked up and got back onto his feet, before turning to the
younger girl with his vision red. When he raised his hand to deliver a debilitating chop,
however, actual red filled his vision from his right before he ate a flying punch to the jaw and
crumpled to the ground with an even louder impact than the suplex.
His attacker, Ranma, landed beside Akane huffing in rage. "Damn it, you bastard! You just
had to go and do that, didn't you?!"
Everyone stared, silent, at Ranma. Gone was the tall, toned, and good-looking, albeit
exhausted young man. Instead, there was a girl no taller than Akane with bright red hair and
an adorably cute face despite her anger and fatigue.
Kasumi's hands shot to her mouth in surprise.
Nabiki just let hers hang open uncovered.
Soun recoiled where he sat, baffled.
Katie, putting everything together, was the first to say anything. "So it was you who took out
Sōban."
Akane gawked at Ranma pointing at him. "You… you're a girl…?!"
Ranma-chan turned to Akane. "No, I'm a guy! I just turn into a girl when I get splashed with
water!"
Nabiki was downright baffled. "What the hell?"
"Oh my," Kasumi murmured, like a man turning into a panda wasn't weird enough.
Akane stared at Ranma-chan, looking up and down over the young man-turned-young
woman. "But you're a girl now."
"That's why I'm trying to get back to China so I can fix this!" Ranma-chan snapped back at
her.
"Yeah hon," Katie said, "It don't sound like this here stallion is longin' for life as a mare."
Akane shook her head. "No, no, I mean how did you change back to a guy?!"
There was a moment before Ranma-chan realized what she was asking. "Oh, when I get
splashed with warm water, I turn back."
Akane stood there, stone still, her eyes widening with realization.
Katie turned to Ranma-chan. "That's it? Warm water?"
It seemed awfully convenient.
"Well, if I say hot water, people think that means boil me like a lobster!"
Nabiki, a tea kettle in hand, stopped short of pouring it on the redhead.
Ranma hopped back from her, pointing at the steam rising from the kettle's spout. "Like that."
Katie stared at the middle Tendo. "Where'd you even get that?"
"I was heating it up for tea," Kasumi called over.
Nabiki poured a bit on her wrist, then held it up. "It's fine, relax."
With that reassurance, Ranma-chan consented to having the water poured and, in an instant,
he was male again. "See?"
Katie was impressed. "Well I'll be."
Nabiki let out a brief hum, as a realization came to her.
"Well, I have a lot to unpack."
Ranma raised an eyebrow. "Unpack what?"
She waved her hand back and forth. "Don't worry about it."
At that moment Akane blurted out. "Senpai, Madame Kamenbell was really an idiot."
Katie turned to her kouhai, and realized what she meant. "Ha! None of what that old pervert
did mattered in the end at all!"
Ranma looked around at the two girls, missing what was so funny. "Madame Who?"
"It's a long story," Akane said, "Come back inside and we'll explain it."
Turning to Kasumi, Katie called. "Hey, uh, Kasumi? You wouldn't have something to tie up
Pandad here, would you?"
Kasumi more than obliged, heading further into the Tendo home before emerging with an
armload of chains that looked heavier than her.
@@@@@
Genma rose to consciousness, slowly at first, but then snapped properly awake when he
smelled the delicious aroma of steak and freshly prepared rice. Sitting up, he tried to lunge
towards the source of the aroma… when he realized that he was heavily bound by a length of
chain that secured his entire body and prevented him from gaining leverage to flex out or
exhale to slip out.
He was seated to the side of the Tendo Home's sitting room, nearby Soun, and had a full view
of his son, Akane, and Katie eating steak and rice like it was an all you can eat buffet.
"… And the spring didn't work?" Ranma asked, sounding both incredulous and frustrated at
the news.
Akane nodded. "I fell into it myself, and when I came out, I was still a woman."
"There was even a sign that said it was normal water, and to contact the Jusenkyo Spring
Guides," Katie added, "That's why we were surprised when you mentioned it."
Ranma grumbled in annoyance, as Akane, Katie, and Nabiki all watched Genma crawl like
an inchworm along the floor behind him and start angling for the table at his side. "Geez, I'm
almost glad I got here after that. If I heard there was a spring that could turn me back to a one
hundred percent guy, I might've joined those weirdos without thinking."
Akane and Katie were both glad it didn't come to that, fighting the Sickle Gang would've
been much, much harder with this guy as an opponent.
Rearing back, Genma prepared to lunge for Ranma's bowl of rice and meat, when his son's
fist came down onto his head and drove him into the tatami mat floor. "Speaking of doing
things without thinking…"
"Are you serious?!" Akane snapped at the elder Saotome. "That's his food!"
Rolling around on the floor for a bit, Genma got himself turned around and sat up so he could
face the table. "A martial artist must be prepared to fight for everything, especially their next
meal." He explained in a gruff voice.
"Have you tried asking for some food?" She asked.
Kasumi agreed. "Yes, we have plenty."
Nabiki chimed in. "I'd rather we not feed the wild animal; it might not leave if we do."
Katie delivered the killing blow. "By his own logic he fought and he lost. Twice. So, no food
for him."
Genma scowled at the girls, then turned to Soun. "Tendo, do you let your daughters talk like
this to anyone?"
"Flattering as the thought is, I ain't one of his kids," Katie corrected.
Soun, who wanted to remain in what little graces he had with his daughters, explained. "The
girls are all very straightforward and honest, they take after their mother, and I would not
have it any other way."
He couldn't resist a tiny jab. "Considering how you and your boy get along, perhaps easing
up on him would do you a world of good."
"He'd be in a lot less pain," Ranma said, "Probably."
Genma elected to change the subject. "What were you going on about before? A spring?"
Ranma side-eyed his father. "Yeah, turns out there used to be a Cursed Spring here in Japan.
Spring of the Drowned Young Man, in fact."
"Aha!" Genma shouted. "This is why I wanted to come back here all along–!"
"Except!" Ranma shouted at him. "The spring ain't cursed anymore, and even if it wasn't…"
"He gestured to Akane and Katie. "These two destroyed it."
Genma turned to the two girls, aghast. "Why?!"
Soun answered. "Because the Old Master's mortal foe, the Sickle Gang, had come for it."
The mention of his teacher put an end to Genma's hysterics. "Wait, that old demon knew
about the spring?!"
"It's why he was happy to sell the old dojo when the buyer said he was going to bulldoze and
build a school on it."
Ranma scowled at his father. "You didn't even know the spring existed until just now, did
you?"
"Every other word out of this guy's mouth pisses me off more," Katie said aloud.
Nabiki and Akane liked having an American friend. Kasumi, too.
The two individuals aware of the follies of Saotome Genma the most in the room sighed in
two distinct manners.
Ranma, long suffering from being his son and pupil, sounded like he was trying to not spit
instead. "It's way too common."
Soun, having the trauma of the old master dulled by time and depression, sounded a little
amused if not a whiff of whimsy filled nostalgia. "It's never going to change, sadly."
Genma sputtered and lost the angry retort he wanted to throw at the foreigner.
Nabiki decided to take the floor away from the spring and curses. "Well, be that as it may, the
offer to let Ranma-kun stay still stands. It's clear that whatever failings of the tree, the apple
has fallen far from it."
Akane resolutely agreed. "He can stay, his old man can't!"
Kasumi had the same thought. "Uncle Genma, we would like for you to leave. You can join
Daddy if you like, but you can't stay here."
Genma was a bit incredulous as he looked at Soun. "Join…?"
"I too am suffering a penalty, Saotome," Soun said. "So I will be going on a training
sabbatical for a month."
Genma was annoyed, the kind of annoyed borne from hoping to get a free room and board
but being denied. "Tendo, you're honestly not letting them throw you out for this."
"I did wrong by them, Saotome."
"It's your house!"
"They're my daughters." Soun decided to play a different tactic to get Saotome to shut up.
When he continued, he carefully enunciated every word. "And I am perfectly fine with
Ranma-kun staying here in this house with them while we are away."
Genma, despite his own indignation and disappointment in how things turned out, managed
to infer what was being carefully implied to him. Enlightened, though still somewhat pouty
over his dietary needs being denied, the elder Saotome let out a gruff grumble of resignation.
"Very well, I'll concede to this exile, and the boy can stay here with your daughters."
Nabiki's eyes narrowed, Kasumi's followed, Akane, and Katie trailed after the two. None of
the ladies said anything.
All Ranma heard was that he didn't have to live with his Dad for a month.
"Why don't you get packed up and leave, then," Akane said as she fully closed her eyes and
folded her arms. "We'll take care of Ranma from here."
Nabiki agreed. "Yeah, you've worn out a welcome you never even received Panda."
Kasumi looked at their father. "Please, show Saotome-san to Dr. Tofu's. I will drop off food
for you later."
"Akane will drop food off for you later," Nabiki corrected.
Genma grumbled, not a fan of being forced out so quickly, especially when there was literally
food on the table. "Can I at least have some food?"
"Nah, you lost. You don't get none," Katie said.
"But–!"
"Get off of yers and GET!" Katie yelled.
Genma took offense. "You're not even related to all this, mind your own business!"
"SHE'S WELCOME IN THIS HOUSE, NOT YOU!" Akane and Nabiki yelled at Genma as
one.
To be yelled at by angry young women like that shook Genma's usual machismo, and he
recoiled from the younger Tendos with a fright.
If Ranma had been on the fence about these girls before, he wasn't anymore.
Soun got up and took Genma by the back of his gi's collar. "Let's go, Saotome. We'll talk
more outside."
Without protest, Genma allowed himself to be dragged out, and soon both men left.
As soon as they were gone and Katie was certain they were out of earshot, Katie looked at the
other girls. "So, then, what's the plan for the end of yer old man's exile?"
Kasumi sighed. "I won't have Genma-san under our roof even then."
"Thank you," Akane said. "There's no way that guy's going to give up on getting what he
wants."
Kasumi nodded in agreement. "I'm going to go talk to Dr. Tofu and make sure he doesn't
convince Daddy to take part in anything silly–"
"Akane will go talk to Dr. Tofu," Nabiki reiterated. "As for what happens when this is over?
We won't be able to stop him from visiting short of killing him, but he's not eating our food or
sleeping anywhere on the property, let alone under our roof."
Kasumi and Akane both nodded in agreement.
Katie nodded. "I'll support you a hundred percent. Ain't no way no how a varmint like him
should get what he wants."
Ranma was just relieved to see his father gone, and to have—if only for a couple weeks—
some time apart from his old man.
He looked at the two girls. "Oh, hey, thanks for jumping in like that."
"Weren't no thing," Katie assured him.
Akane agreed. "It was the right thing to do."
To them and the other ladies, he added. "You girls are really nice; I owe you for this one."
"No you don't," Akane corrected him. "We're doing this because your Dad's a jerk and
nobody should put up with a guy like him."
Ranma smirked. "Well, a man repays kindness as much as he repays slights. So, you're just
gonna have to accept that I owe ya."
Katie snickered. "All right, then."
Nabiki gestured to her sister and her sister's friend. "Fair warning then, these two have only
been friends for a couple weeks and they've already fought basically everybody in the SAD
short of the Butsumetsu boys."
"And not fer lack of trying," Katie groused.
"Right, the Sickle Gang." That reminded Ranma. "Huh, speaking of Butsumetsu. I should go
see Sōban and apologize for knocking him out last night."
Akane brightened. "We were going that way to check up on him too, before you showed up.
Would you like to come along?"
Ranma shrugged his shoulders. "I wouldn't mind."
Kasumi looked at Ranma. "Are you going to be okay? You've eaten and cleaned up, but have
you gotten any sleep?"
At the first mention of being tired, Ranma involuntarily yawned. "I should be fine. It's just a
quick jaunt to Butsumetsu and…"
He yawned again.
"I oughta work off all this steak and rice I ate…"
His eyes grew heavy.
"… So I don't…"
He nodded off and laid down on the floor where he sat, falling straight to sleep.
"And there's the 'itis," Katie said quietly.
Akane shook her head, her heart aching for him. He really had been exhausted from
everything, if he could fall asleep so quickly and deeply. "Poor guy…"
Nabiki nodded. "Yeah, and the worst part is… there's no way things aren't going to get crazier
around here. Just look at him; he practically screams 'main character with a weird
circumstance' energy, doesn't he?"
She stopped, and her eyes widened as the conversation she had previously with Kodachi
about what Furinkan High School reoccurred to her. "… Huh."
Everyone looked at her.
"What is it?" Akane asked.
Nabiki scrutinized Ranma's sleeping face as she replied. "Nothing… I was just reminded of a
convo I had with Kodachi the other day."
She pulled out her phone and began typing a message. "Change of plans, I'm going to go
hang out with her today."
She looked back at Katie and Akane. "Anyway, don't you gotta go see the Butsu Boys?"
"Yeah, yeah," Katie said as she got up. "C'mon, Akaneko."
Akane nodded and rose to join her. Kasumi got up as well, hurrying to fetch a bedroll and
pillow so Ranma could sleep more comfortably on the tatami floor.
Left alone with Ranma, Nabiki turned her head and watched him as he settled into his
slumber. A content smirk played on her lips. After seeing just this brief glimpse of what he
could do, she understood that Furinkan might have just acquired exactly what it needed.
Chapter End Notes
Get some rest, Ranma, after everything you've really earned it.
Chapter 45: Summer Heat in May
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"Boys, either sit back down or get out of my class, I ain't going tellin' you again," an
annoyed-sounding Nick said to Ataru, who had built up a rabble in class.
Ataru, standing defiant, pointed accusingly at him. "Not until you tell us what the Principal
decided upon!" He declared.
"Yeah!" Kōsuke shouted in solidarity along with several boys.
"Spill, you collaborator!" Another boy called.
"… And also what happened in that office to have Mendō's Mom looking so pleased." Ataru
added.
He switched from his heroic shounen hero visage to the more lecherous expression he was
unfortunately more generous in sharing with the world. "I mean, come on, teach, that woman
had a radiance around her! And it's not like you mind putting moves on married ladies. Eh?
Ehh?"
Hokuto, who was not standing, looked at Ataru. "He does what, now?"
Nick rolled his eyes. "He puts every boy standing by the count of three in detention until
they're old and gray. One… two…"
Ataru laughed. "Jokes on you, I'm a Third Year! No detention you give me will matter after
March!"
The teacher stopped and sighed. "Gonna go there then, huh?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "All right, we can make it meaningless now and I can expel you
on the spot like I did Shooter."
All of the boys standing in protest sat back down.
Ataru looked around, surprised, before he turned back to him. "Ha, don't threaten me with a
good time."
Rather than shock him for his hubris, Lum pointed out something. "Darling, if you're
expelled, you'll be barred from coming onto school property where all the girls are."
Ataru quietly sat back down.
Nick tipped an imaginary hat to her. "Thank you kindly, Miss Invader."
She smiled back. "I like you, sensei; you don't mistreat Darling the way others do."
Turning back to the chalkboard, Nick replied. "Well, that's because I don't blame him for my
life choices."
Ataru didn't know how to respond to that one, so he stayed on message. "Oi, I sat down, can
you at least come clean with what the Principal said about Mendō coming back?"
Kōsuke, ever the loyal wingmate, agreed. "We have to know if we need to prepare defenses!"
Rather than a yes or no, Nick kicked the can down the hall—to the Principal's Office. "He
didn't give me an answer either, but said he'd let me know when he did."
As the boys protested again, this time firmly in their seats, Ryūnosuke folded her arms on her
desk and rested her chin on them. Mendō coming back wasn't something she'd personally
want, but if it were to come to pass, she felt confident he wasn't going to have the free reign
he enjoyed before. Nick could keep him in check, and she was going to make extra sure. He
was a solved problem.
What had her goat right now was that Natsuko girl getting in her face and talking shit.
Someone she hadn't met at all until today, that she even knew existed, had it out for her.
Who even acts like that? I'm sorry, but when did I piss in your miso, bitch? She thought in
frustration.
Glancing over at Lum, she recalled what she'd said. That the girl was insecure over her looks
and popularity or some crap, and that especially boiled Ryūnosuke. Why any of that was her
problem was beyond her, but she already endured years of abuse at the hands of somebody
with insecurities, and she was not going to be somebody else's emotional support punching
bag.
At the front of the class, Nick noticed his daughter's gradual descent into brooding, and
rightly suspected it had to do with all that yelling he heard outside of the office while he
discussed matters with the lady Mendō. The school's volleyball captain picking a fight with
her was eating her up, and she was going to explode before the day was through.
She was being hot-headed and wanting a scrap without really thinking; something they would
have to discuss, but she'd need to learn the lesson first.
Speaking of, he had a class to teach. "All right, if we're ready to pretend like this is a
classroom where you're supposed to be learning something, please take out your
textbooks…"
@@@@@
By the middle of the day, Ryūnosuke made it out into the school's gymnasium with contempt
simmering in her mind. True to Nick's observation, she'd grown snappy during the day, even
being short with Shinobu when she had come to her with a question. Finding this Natsuko
character and resolving their beef was the only thing on her mind now, and she was almost
impatient to get it done.
Of course, Natsuko was over on one end of the gymnasium, serving up and firing off spikes
into steel-plated targets cut into the shape of and papered with images of Ataru, Mendo,
Megane, and other boys—presumably the boy's Volleyball Team. Around her, a group of girls
were of course marveling at her strength and accuracy as each ball hit home with a heavy
clang and left a dent in the metal as they bounced off.
In a better state of mind, Ryunosuke might have been fair about admitting it was impressive.
However, at the current juncture, it just pissed her off.
At the sight of Ryūnosuke making a bee-line towards Natsuko, a rush of commotion rose in
the gymnasium, and a crowd of other students began to form. Among those at the front of the
crowd were Shinobu, Lum, Ataru, Hokuto, and Kōsuke.
"Oh, here we go," Kōsuke said. "The dragon has finally met the ogre."
Natsuko had finished another spike, and was receiving the adulations of her praise, when
Ryūnosuke shouted at her. "Hey! Natsuko!"
As requested, Natsuko turned to face Ryūnosuke. "Well, how about that? You even have a
girl's gym outfit now."
"Yeah, she looks amazing in it!" Ataru called from the audience.
"I'm surprised your sugar daddy let his kitten off the leash." Natsuko taunted, tossing up a
volleyball and batting it away with uncanny accuracy to catch Ataru in the breadbasket—all
without ever looking to pick him out of the crowd.
"I'm just here to tell ya: Whatever Daddy issues you got? Save them for your therapist."
Ryūnosuke snapped back, feeling more affronted she didn't rate insulting directly. "Because I
ain't letting you talk out the side of your mouth or insult me with the back of your hand!"
Natsuko just sneered through it. "Say all the words you want, I hope you'll leave some for
excusin' when I pack your sissy ass up!"
"Show me something, then!" Ryūnosuke retorted, before cutting the banter short like her
temper and charging across the floor to throw a right that Natsuko leaned away from while
raising her own right arm to block. As Ryūnosuke's punch glanced off, she was already
swinging back, a quick left jab that Ryūnosuke stepped out from.
"Oh, you wanna see?!" Natsuko shouted as she surged at her with quick, hard blows that
Ryūnosuke stayed on her feet to avoid before blocking a right cross that pushed her back
across the polished wood floor two paces back from her attacker.
It wasn't going to be a match of technical prowess, even the clueless kids in the crowd could
tell that at a glance. Natsuko and Ryūnosuke fell into a dance of slugging blows and thick
blocks, weaving to and fro with a decent speed.
It was the type to be expected of hard fighting and hard hitters, which made the following
observations stick out more.
"Goodness, it's like watching Ryu-cha fight her clone." Lum observed, the alien's usual
vapidness landing a strike as though it were aimed at her darling.
Shinobu, like many in this circle clueless as to the particulars of who Natsuko was, found
herself agreeing with a load of trepidation. "Yeah, from a distance, you almost can't tell them
apart."
Yes, it did appear they were very much alike, two tigers from different jungles yet matching
in stripes.
"Oh so you can swing!" Ryūnosuke taunted as she blocked a jab, deflected a hook, and then
lashed out with strikes that Natsuko rolled her hands over one another to block. "But you ain't
all that caught up on hitting!"
Beyond the similarities in fighting and general mentality on the field of battle, there was
something even more astounding. Something those who knew Ryūnosuke hadn't bothered to
comprehend until this moment forced it on them
Natsuko sidestepped Ryūnosuke when she ended her defeated combo with a high kick with
her right leg that would've connected to the side of her head. "Sissy shit!"
As she brought her leg down hard, cracking the wood beneath her foot, she blocked another
punch from Natsuko, followed by another, each blow forcing her to hop backward.
"Natsuko is matching Ryūnosuke in strength." Shinobu proclaimed with a dire look on her
face.
None was more perturbed by this than the girl herself. Even now, as she put more thought
into her punches and moved a bit smarter, it didn't appear like it'd be able to make an
appreciable difference.
She really does move like me! Ryūnosuke thought as she dipped under a haymaker and tried
to counter with a rising uppercut.
Natsuko brought her arm back and blocked the blow, before turning in place to fire a sloppy
roundhouse kick Ryūnosuke jumped back from.
"C'mon!" Natsuko taunted as she swung a blow that held the form of a dig at her opponent.
"Make me work harder, you pathetic pet!"
Ryūnosuke slid around the attack, coming back with a left high kick that was stifled by a
block. Swiftly, the adopted girl didn't let her offensive end, pivoting around into a right high
kick that knocked Natsuko back off balance. Sensing the opening, Ryūnosuke rushed in with
an overhand right that screamed for the crumbled guard of the volleyball captain.
"Idiot!" Natsuko taunted, clasping her hands together as though she was getting a ball up for
setting and using it to block the punch. "Using both arms is second nature to a volleyball
player!"
"You could know nothing about volleyball and still be captain here," Ryūnosuke snapped
back, pushing back off the block and kicking again, sending the other girl skidding back.
"That crap means nothing to me!"
"And everyone pretending you're scary in a fight means nothing to me!" Natsuko shot back
once she regained her footing. "The only person in our school that could challenge you
outside of me is the alien you're too chicken shit to fight!"
"You ain't no challenge!" Ryūnosuke roared back, coming in again with a flurry of punches.
This seemed heavily debatable as Natsuko's stout defense held up. One could observe that
Natsuko was only surviving against the onslaught of Ryūnosuke.
But the impression was there wasn't anyone at the school who could accomplish even that.
"I think you stole my line, sissy!" Natsuko roared, as her own overhand right slammed
through Rynosuke's guard and sent her sliding back to full-screen neutral before she could
recover. "You're like all the other wimps in this hole; all snarl and no bite!"
Silence met the taunt, as Ryūnosuke focused.
Enough of her talking shit, this is the part where she gets hit. Mind made up, Ryūnosuke
sucked in a good deep breath and got ready.
Natsuko parted her lips for another verbal volley–
–And Ryūnosuke disappeared from before her eyes.
The hell was that step in?! Natsuko thought, lashing out with a left palm strike, looking like
she was desperately reaching to tap a kill back over the net.
Ryūnosuke was already inside the other girl's reach, a right knee flying up and into Natsuko's
stomach.
"Bleargh!" Natsuko coughed, but wasn't the type to be a quitter to a one-hitter. "Bitch!"
She recovered from the hit enough to step into a right palm strike that would make Jushin
Liger green with envy and sent Ryūnosuke staggering back.
That's strong but...! Ryūnosuke put the completed thought from her mind, resetting her feet
and springing in with a right hook to counter a left cross Natsuko had followed up with.
"Gahk!" Natsuko spat, slipping back enough to first catch the back of her foe's uniform with
her out left. Natsuko's right hand followed, managing to capture a handful of hair and pull
Ryūnosuke into a knee to the gut.
She seemingly didn't feel the knee and flowed up and elbowed Natsuko under the chin.
The two broke away, Ryūnosuke pushing herself back to full standing as Natsuko wobbled
like a weeble but didn't fall down like them as well.
"Goodness." Lum murmured. "This is… amazing!"
Amazing wasn't the word Shinobu wanted to hear or find it in herself to say.
Barbaric is more like it, she thought, rather than spoke.
"This is… worse than I thought it would go. Why are they even fighting?" Kōsuke said as the
students around them, more out for blood than context, cheered it on.
Hokuto could not tell him, but he didn't like it any more than Shinobu.
Ataru, lover of women, was dividing his time between watching his favorite babe fight
another one that even HE felt was too much… and excitedly taking bets for the winner
among their peers.
Indeed, this seemed more like two feral cats biting and clawing one another for the last scrap
of rotted rat. Still, the fight was a stalemate and showed no outward signs of a decisive
victory.
Then again, preconceived notions seemed to be on the table just to be shattered.
Ryūnosuke didn't really acknowledge the pain as much as file it away as something to worry
about later. It was clear this was a different case than Kamaitchi, where all she needed was
clear health and mind to cross any perceived gap between them. Yes, she had come in half-
cocked but she wasn't about to full-cock it up by losing.
Natsuko seemed equally unbothered by the pain, but the red hot rage on her face showed a
different kind of damage had been inflicted and she was not happy about it.
"Gah! Where does some thin little sissy like you get off hitting that hard?" There wasn't a
world of difference between their builds, but after putting on a girl's uniform, Ryūnosuke
stopped looking like a shonen manga protagonist who lifted weights as a hobby and more
like the chick she said she was.
"You know, I'd ask what the hell you're talking about, but you're not going to be my problem
anymore." Ryūnosuke shot back.
For once, the roles flipped as Natsuko bellowed and charged hard, ready to brawl and make
her opponent sprawl.
Ryūnosuke met the charge, the two melting into an exchange of punches once more. Where at
the start they had clubbed at each other's guard to probe for weakness, now they were either
landing and receiving or meeting in a dual exchange that would fit into some remake of
Tomorrow's Joe.
The fighters were cross and so were their counters, which after the fourth or fifth one, had
both girls reeling and wobbling like they just downed some alcohol.
Sakura had been watching, silently from the start, standing as a silent guard to help keep this
fight from going too far. A bit of bumps, a few bruises and scrapes could heal, but these girls
were flying towards ringing a bell which shouldn't be rung. And in that regard, though the
fighters and crowd might despise her, she was ready to step in.
Both girls weren't close to finishing it, but their reckless way of brawling was making it
harder to hold back. If either was making intelligent moves and working towards an obvious
plan, sure, let it play out. But from the way they lingered, huffing and puffing before moving
in that wild and thoughtless way…
There wasn't much time left.
Managing to just barely dodge a left aimed for her jaw, Ryūnosuke got down and connected a
hard jab to the left side of Natsuko's stomach. Seemingly powering through it, Natsuko
kicked Ryūnosuke's neck, the girl's right arm blocking it. The snap kick that she followed
connected just below her ribs, but did not crumple her.
"Bitch!" Ryūnosuke's left came up in a straight punch that found its mark under Natsuko's
chin.
Staggering back, the Volleyball Captain screamed through her clenched teeth and lashed out
with a kick that Ryūnosuke needed both arms to block and was still nearly thrown off her feet
by it.
Her footwork on landing had lost the crisp agility it had when it started with only a minute
and a half ago. As blood trickled from the corner of her mouth, she bristled at Natsuko, who
wiped the blood that dripped from her split lip and glared furiously back at her.
Could Ryūnosuke even tell she was in a fight or was this just her body's latent danger sense
moving to protect itself? Much the same could be asked for Natsuko, who teetered with
naught but a demon face of sheer anger stuck where her face should be. One or two more
exchanges should end it, with one standing as the other fell, as the prophecy usually goes.
Both fighters scuppered their feet and crouched, ready to charge and make that premonition a
reality.
"All right, that's enough!" Sakura's loud shout quieted the chatter from the crowd as she
bodily got between the girls, holding Ryūnosuke back.
"Nurse Sakura?" Ryūnosuke murmured as her adrenaline faded and her mind pulled back to
alertness.
"Hey!" Natsuko snapped at her, though she restrained herself from going in anyway.
"It's clear neither of you are close to settling this, so I'm going to put my foot down as the
person responsible for ensuring your health at school: You're not allowed to fight until you
can do so in a manner that doesn't end in mutually assured destruction."
She looked back and forth between the two girls. "I will stop you every time until you can
prove you can finish a fight without killing yourselves AND each other!"
The nurse declared, her voice ringing out over the gathered students. "Are we clear?"
"Hey, I don't care wha–" Natsuko protested, before a hand came to rest on her shoulder and
she froze as ice seemed to wash through her veins, quelling her fury.
"Non, non, non… Sakura-sensei is correct, there will be no more of this."
The gentle voice with a French accent belonged to the woman whose hand rested on her
shoulder. She had curly, shoulder-length blonde hair, and eyes brown like warm, rich
chocolate, and was wearing a blue track suit with white stripes going down the sides and
sleeves that signified her position as this class's PE teacher.
Natsuko shrank back from her, looking more scared of her than she'd ever been of anyone.
"C-Coach! When'd you get back?"
Sakura was surprised herself, she didn't notice the woman until now. "Where were you,
Keeper-sensei?"
The PE teacher rested her other hand on the back of her head. "I stepped out for a canned
coffee. I had hoped the class would be in order for a few minutes, but then I came back to
this."
She stopped. "Ah… but what are you doing here?"
Sakura frowned. "I sensed something amiss, and came to see."
"Ah! The mystical prowess of Sakura-sensei at work, I wish I were as adept. Then I'd spare
you the trouble," Keeper-sensei lamented.
She turned to Natsuko. "You're better than this, Nat-chan."
Natsuko tried to compose herself, and forced a frown as she looked away from her. "She
started it."
"The hell I did!" Ryūnosuke yelled.
Sakura turned to her. "Ryūnosuke, don't."
"All right, I understand." Ryūnosuke said, likewise not looking at the woman and hoping this
supplication was enough.
Sakura stepped away from Ryūnosuke. "You don't have anything to worry about from me as
long as you listen when I say to not fight."
Ryūnosuke settled for nodding as a few dull aches began to annoy her.
Unfortunately, the nurse wasn't through with her, nor was she going to be nice about things.
"Besides, you have more than any injuries to worry about."
The instant the words registered, Ryūnosuke felt her pain flood away, along with her
lingering anger and frustration. However, it wasn't because of relief, it was because she felt a
certain gaze hot on the back of her neck. Through eyes blurry with the sting of pain, she
turned to see Nicholas standing there, expression unreadable.
His words didn't do much to quell the trepidation building inside. "We need to talk, kiddo."
@@@@@
With a swift purpose and a stern glare, Nick led Ryūnosuke from the reeling crowds and out
of the gym to a place where they were alone. For her part, she didn't make trouble or protest
any and followed as she knew she should. If there was an ass chewing to be had, she had
more than earned both for any worry she might have caused and already forgetting what he
had been trying to teach her.
Thus, she was more than a little confused when he turned to her; face not furrowed in
disappointment but rather paternal concern.
"Are you all right?" He asked, soft and tender as a breeze on an autumn night.
Her shoulders haunched for a different reason than she expected, there were goosebumps
along her neck and she wanted to quell any trembling. "… I don't know."
Nick gave an easy laugh that lowered his daughter's worry she was going to be yelled at.
"That's to be expected, no one here has ever truly come swinging for your head without
respect and fear of what you'd do, huh?"
Ryūnosuke blew out a sigh, letting the tension free. "I thought she'd be easy, since she's just a
volleyball player."
"Eh, it's all right," Nicholas replied with ease as if he had this conversation a million times
before. "You're top of the heap, second only to the alien girls at this school."
"I can beat Lum," Ryūnosuke said, missing entirely that he said girls and not girl.
"Let me guess, because she lost to Ataru, that implies you should be able to beat her, right?"
"Well, it's Ataru," Ryūnosuke noted.
"Quite, and that sort of thing is how you'd end up losing to her." Nicholas summed it up for
her. "She lost to him in something that had nothing to do with combat, which would mean
nothing she'd do in a fight… hint."
It had taken a second to load, but it successfully installed.
"… Oh."
She had taken the volleyball captain thing to mean she was just an athlete and not someone
who got into brawls and scraps outside of school.
Just like someone might only consider the result of Ataru's win and not the ten days it took
him or how Lum's ability to fight contributed nothing to her defeat.
"But like I said, it's all good. This is something you had to experience, because I can tell you
all about how hot the stove is 'til I'm blue in the face, but you'll only know when you touch
it." Nick said with patience that again reminded the girl he wasn't going to use her struggles
to make himself look and feel better for his shortcomings.
"I just wished I remembered a bit of what you taught me," Ryūnosuke admitted, looking
away.
"Well maybe consciously," Nick amended. "You severely misjudged the fight; but you
walked away with a draw rather than being laid out face-down-butt-up lookin' ridiculous like
most who learn this lesson do. She got some vicious hits in, and contrary to your assertion,
yer gonna be feelin' them for a long time."
With the camera angle changed to allow new light to be shed on things, Ryūnosuke could see
what he meant. "I'm not going to make the same mistake again."
"There ya go!" Nick was so proud of her.
"Even when you realized you mismatched your opponent," he continued, "You didn't waste
time dwelling on the fact she could meet you head on."
"Yeah, it was still close though," Ryūnosuke felt safe enough to admit this weakness to Nick.
"That knee she landed should have folded me, but I managed to tank it because I didn't suck
wind to have it driven out of me."
He nodded. "This is why you ain't compatible with the family style, kiddo, you're a bit further
up the road and past the creek to bother with making you learn something new. If I started
you where I've started your brothers and sisters, you'd be focused on using something out of
that bag while not sticking with what you know."
"Getting ahead of myself." Ryūnosuke reiterated, falling back on what they've discussed
before.
"You got a lot more experience with scrappin' than most kids—let alone girls—do at your
age." Nicholas said, nodding a bit. "But out there in the world there are people who you're
gonna run into who ain't just as good as you, but better."
"Like Nicole," Ryūnosuke said, feeling comfortable to admit THAT, too.
"And many more," he said. "You're going to take a bunch of knocks… so we gotta get you
conditioned to be ready to take them and put yerself back together after."
His contentment with letting her do as she pleased with her fighting made even more sense.
She wasn't someone who knew nothing of fighting, she just never learned to fight with her
head cool and at the ready instead.
Treating her as if she was the same as some random newbie who never threw a punch before
they started training was stupid.
"The only thing we really need to work on beside your threat assessment, is that button that
got pushed today." Nick said after a few seconds to let his daughter absorb everything.
"You're gonna need to work on not seeing red when someone takes their day out on you."
"Like the Sperm Donor, right?" Ryūnosuke didn't need much reminding, as the real crux of
why she wanted to beat Natsuko's face in heavily had to do with being reminded of that piece
of garbage. "That's gonna take more work than the fighting stuff."
"Obviously, but it's better you're aware of it now before we work on it." Nick allowed, before
pressing on back to an early point. "You already know what needs to be done, so asking you
to change it won't feel like I'm asking you to run on your hands."
Ryūnosuke hummed as she thought about it. "Fair, I would have taken it as you being weird
or something."
An easy laugh escaped the man, letting it show that he didn't take offense. "It's the problem of
having your best teaching aspects being tied up in being all mysterious and stuff. You ain't
the first or last of any who I taught to fight who will think or say that."
Ryūnosuke hummed. "You know, I keep thinking how good a teacher you are… but I think
it's more 'cuz the teachers around here don't know how."
Nick was curious how she hitched a ride on this passing tangent. "Go on."
"Well, you've seen it. Teachers treat us like us bein' born is why they're so miserable… but
even at your worst, all you do is push back enough to convince the kids to stop pushin'."
She hadn't paid entirely too much attention, but Nicholas did treat Ataru a far sight better
than every other teacher, which also meant he treated the rest of them much the same in that
respect.
"A lot of teachin' here and many other places does seem to be screaming at the pupil until
they figure it out to shut you up."
Nick understood it well, he had been observing the faculty for a spell before officially being
hired after all.
"Hence my approach being to try and meet y'all kids in the middle, whether in the art or in
schooling. I'll match the wit and flying spit as long as you wanna let it fly, but when you're
ready to shut up and listen, I'll make sure you get something out of it."
"Sucks only Onsen Mark messed up enough to get the boot," Ryūnosuke said, remembering
that her adoptive father took over for him post Lunch Riot and had learned enough to know
when someone was being thrown out without the words being used. "But then, who would
we replace all the other bums with?"
"Unfortunately, there's only one singular copy o'me." Nick mock lamented.
"… Is that such a bad thing…?"
Nick laughed.
Chapter End Notes
I'm doing so much more with the UY cast then I did in the original version of this fic. I
love it.
Chapter 46: Savoir Faire
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
"I think I've found him."
Nabiki's declaration to Kodachi was made as she joined her at an outdoor dining area of a
restaurant in Taian—with the morning's overcast broken and giving way to a bright but still
partly cloudy sky. Between the two of them and their coffee cups were two small plates each
with two miniature croissants to complement the flavor of their French-style coffee.
Kodachi's loyal ninja, Sarugakure Sasuke, stood to the side, pouring Nabiki's coffee as his
mistress reacted with surprise and intrigue. She expected Nabiki to put considerable effort
into searching for another ace to add to her school's alumni, but she didn't expect results so
soon.
"Already?"
"Well, I can't take credit for finding him, it's more that he dropped into my lap," Nabiki
revealed as she nodded to Sasuke then picked up her cup. "Saotome Ranma."
Kodachi was even more surprised. "That's quite the name!"
"Yeah, he was the one who knocked Sōban on his butt the other night, too," Nabiki went on.
That drew Kodachi's curiosity. She had seen who had knocked Sōban down, and that was not
a he that she saw. "That was a man?"
"It's complicated—ancient Chinese curse complicated." Brevity was the soul of wit, Kodachi
could see it for herself when it came to it. "What's important is he's legit; just from what I
saw this morning on top of him one-tapping Sōban. Akane and Katie are vouching for him,
too."
Breaking one of her croissants in half, Kodachi dipped it in her coffee. "I see, I see… a
martial artist who meets their standard of quality…"
She ate the croissant piece before she picked up the cup and took a short sip. "But is he good
looking?"
Nabiki smirked. "Well, ragged as he was after two weeks of running around China on almost
no food or sleep… he wasn't bad looking at all."
"Even so?"
A chuckle left the middle Tendo sister's lips. "When he really cleans up, he might be a
problem."
For whom, Nabiki left that implication wide open.
Kodachi set her cup down and daintily clapped her hands as she giggled. "This is splendid
news, I was worried it would take some time, but we'll be hitting the ground in a sprint when
school reopens!"
"Sure, except for the whole thing with the boys still being, well…" Nabiki gestured off to her
right.
Right across the street from their sunny little alcove, a small group of boys were gloomily
standing out against the affluent incandescence of Taian. They were unmistakably Furinkan
Students given their downcast expressions and propensity to shift with the afternoon breeze.
Kodachi, taking up the other half of the croissant from her plate and dipping it in her coffee,
scowled at the unsightly display. "I will be seeing to that soon enough."
She looked over at her ninja manservant. "Sasuke!"
Sasuke stood straighter. "Yes, K-Kodachi-sama?"
"When we are finished here, you will make an effort to recollect these disparate young men
and bring them to my home. I've suffered this shameless display long enough," she ordered,
sounding much more severe than she intended.
Nevertheless, it had the desired effect, as Sasuke quickly bowed his head. "Y-yes Kodachi-
sama…"
Nabiki was curious. "What's your plan?"
"They need to be spoken to," Kodachi said after taking a bite of her croissant. "And that is
neither your responsibility, your sister's, or Katie-san's. As the top student of Furinkan
Academy, it falls upon me to address their wretched state and forge the path ahead."
Nabiki was naturally curious. "… Do you know what you're going to say?"
"Either the words shall find me or I shall find them. Nevertheless, something must be said."
Kodachi went to take the second croissant from her plate, but found it gone. "Hm?"
When both she and Nabiki looked at their plates, the latter found she only had one miniature
croissant when she should've had two.
It was at that moment both young women and Sasuke jumped when they found a young and
handsome blonde-haired man adorned in a white tuxedo over a lavender shirt with a pink
bowtie. He was in the midst of wiping his mouth with a napkin, and stood accompanied by a
severe-looking bespectacled woman with brown hair styled to evoke the image of a freshly
roasted chicken or turkey, and a dark blue Victorian-styled dress.
"Bon après-midi, my dears," he greeted. "I was just passing by when I could not help but
notice such radiance and splendor. I thought that, for a moment, a second sun had risen in an
eclipse of darkness and light… but I am mistaken, for you are far more brilliant."
Kodachi's expression shifted, her eyes narrowing as she recognized the young man before
them. "You are… Picolet Chardin II."
"And you are the Black Rose, Kuno Kodachi," Picolet said. "It is an honor to have such a
formidable mademoiselle grace my humble café."
Nabiki, taken aback for a moment by how pretty this young man was, recognized the name.
"Chardin…"
She glanced at Kodachi. "This guy runs the La Belle France chain?"
"He's the heir to it," Kodachi replied. "And to the LaBelle France School of Fine Dining
Martial Arts."
Nabiki ran that back in her head before turning to Kodachi. "The 'what' now?"
"Martial Arts Fine Dining," Kodachi said. "I don't know much about it myself, but I hear it
involves fighting in the setting of fine French cuisine…"
She'd never heard of anything like that. Though, Nerima was known for picking fights over
and building fighting styles around less.
Tucking his napkin into his breast pocket, Picolet raised his hands in a placating gesture.
"Martial Arts? Non, non, I am not a fighter. I am a lover… of fine cuisine and the art of
dining and presentation that goes with it."
He then stepped forward and bowed elegantly, before lifting his head to meet Nabiki's gaze,
his blue eyes shimmering behind his blonde bangs. "… Among other precious things in this
world."
Taian guys are built different, Nabiki internally noted. The random French was corny, but boy
was he pretty.
Kodachi's eyes rolled, before they narrowed. "You cannot have simply come here to flatter
us."
Picolet rose from his bow. "Oui, you are correct, though I did not expect to run into you… I
do have something to ask—for sake of confirmation, if you would."
At Kodachi's gesture for him to continue, he did so. "Rumors are swirling that you have left
St. Hebereke, and have broken the pact of sisterhood with your peers… is this true?"
Kodachi's eyebrows rose. "A mere rumor?"
The glamorous splendor left Picolet in lieu of a troubled look. "The atmosphere at Kolkhoz
has shifted dramatically, and Madame le Président has been taken by a calamitous mood.
There are whispers that it coincides with the allegation that you left St. Hebereke. Tell me, is
it true?"
The smile that spread across Kodachi's lips was sinister, no… nasty. It prompted Sasuke to
pale slightly and step back from her, as if he'd be poisoned where he stood by the malice
radiating from her.
"It is true," she revealed. "Circumstances beyond my control have rendered it necessary. As
for our pact, it was broken months ago. I am only making de jure what she proclaimed de
facto, by stepping out of the garden first."
A grimace appeared on Picolet's face, like he'd been told devastating news. "I see… what do
you plan to do with regards to her?"
Kodachi picked up her coffee and took a sip. From where Nabiki was sitting, Kodachi
seemed to be swooning with satisfaction as she savored her sip, before she answered the
young man.
"Nothing. I have a great deal of work to do, and I cannot drop everything to bicker."
Kodachi placed the cup back on its saucer.
"I am no longer beholden to our peace, but I am not eager for any conflict. Especially when
there are greater causes at hand."
Sasuke looked at Kodachi, confused by her answer. Nabiki was not, because she saw the
relief that swept over Picolet's face before his vibrant and glamorous smile returned.
"Très magnifique! You have no idea how great of a relief it is to hear that. Mademoiselle,
thank you, you have no idea how many hearts and minds you have put at ease."
Picolet turned to the severe looking woman accompanying them, and gestured to her.
"Madame St. Paul, please make their meal free of charge. And any that they may wish to
partake of in the future."
The woman recoiled from Picolet, stunned by his declaration. "A-as you wish, Young
Master."
Picolet faced the young women and their Help.
"I hope you have a day as lovely as you yourselves are. Au revoir, mesdemoiselles~!" He
sang as he walked away, the woman accompanying him passing Kodachi and Nabiki both a
hard look before following dutifully after him.
"A free meal and…" Nabiki trailed off, watching them go—especially that St. Paul woman—
then turned to Kodachi. "… A show."
She smirked. "Enlighten me."
Kodachi rose from her seat. "Let's make haste. I wish not to be here a moment more."
@@@@@
With the La Belle France Café behind them, Nabiki and Kodachi began the walk from Taian
back to Furinkan, while Sasuke crept about in the shadows, being mindful of possible
pursuers or other threats. Kodachi wore a smug, triumphant smile the whole way to this
point, but had walked in silence. Sensing that Kodachi wanted to put distance between them,
Nabiki patiently waited for her illumination, and she was not left wanting.
"I was wrong."
Nabiki's right eyebrow curled upward. "… About?"
"Kolkhoz. I had expected a very different encounter with the Vice-President of Kolkhoz
Academy's Student Council."
"Wait, Vice-President?" A realization came to Nabiki that she should start learning more
about the fancy-pants rich school, if only so she could have her own resource of knowledge
about it.
"Yes, I was certain he would attempt to harass or intimidate us, but his fear, his relief… it was
real." Kodachi threw her head back and laughed.
"Ohohohoho! It speaks volumes of the state of my White Lily's kingdom!"
Nabiki thought about it. "… It's not much of a Kingdom if her right hand is willing to wave
the White Flag—French be damned."
She hummed. "But what if that was a trick?"
"It was no trick," Kodachi assured her.
"Why so?"
"No Chardin worth their name would offer a free meal—even to beautiful women such as
ourselves."
That took Nabiki by surprise. "… Huh! Is that so?"
Kodachi nodded. "They are notoriously greedy. They'll do anything for money, and I've heard
rumors of swindling guests out of everything they have: Money, homes, even first daughters.
To give anything away, for free no less, is a monumental statement."
"So it scans that the last thing he wants is to get caught up between you and the other mega
rich girls in town," Nabiki said. "It's bad for business."
"Quite," Kodachi answered. "Sadly for him, it is an inevitability."
"Oh?"
"If what I said to Picolet in some way makes it back to The White Lily, she will take it as a
grave insult." She looked out of the corner of her eye at Nabiki. "And she will ensure that the
only matter I have to contend with is her."
That had Nabiki wondering. "So, why does she have it out for you?"
Kodachi looked ahead. "From as far back as I remember, she and I have been rivals. There's
no single personal slight, no grudge or revenge. We are simply girls of high class and wealth,
who do not care for one another."
"And here we are, moving like we're planning for a war."
"Well, you saw what Mendō Ryōko did in a fit of boredom. Imagine what someone with
intent is capable of."
A chilling thought. Having someone like Ranma around along with Akane and Katie was
going to come in handy, Nabiki realized.
Still, more would be needed.
Lucky for her, Nabiki's phone buzzed. A text from Akane arrived and she looked at it. "Hang
on a sec."
The message surprised her. "… A way to get Daddy off his butt and be useful to the
community, huh…?"
"Hmm?" Kodachi was curious, as another message from Akane reached Nabiki's phone and
widened the middle Tendo sister's eyes.
"… Oh ho! That's…" Nabiki smirked. "That's good!"
"What is good?"
Nabiki finished sending a quick reply. "Akane had a great idea that will benefit the
Butsumetsu Boys and us when your White Lily comes knocking. I think you'll like it."
"Please," Kodachi insisted, "Do go on…"
Lowering her phone, Nabiki obliged. "Well, as you know, my father's a retired martial arts
teacher…"
Chapter End Notes
Something is rotten in the state of Taian...
Chapter 47: People You Can Rely On
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The students of Butsumetsu High School were rowdier than usual at their hangout near the
fortress-like school itself. Sōban and Curly's boys were trading blows with one another,
breaking planks of wood set up atop stacks of cinder blocks, punching into buckets of sand,
or performing various aerobic and weight-training exercises.
There were even some members yelling encouragement like drill instructors or taking their
classmates aside to demonstrate various strikes or grapples.
As Katie and Akane sat on the edge of a junked car's hood beside him and Sōban, Curly was
explaining all of the commotion. "After fightin' the Sickle Gang, me and the boss decided
that the boys needed to be better. So, we've been training non-stop for the next big scrap,
yannow?"
Katie was impressed at the resolve. "It's pretty dang prudent; you guys got the right idea
about what's important 'round here."
Curly folded his arms and smirked. "With this, ain't nobody is gonna push us or you gals
around, not that you two need to worry about that!"
"Nor you. Except against Kamaitachi, you fellas accounted for yourselves well."
Curly's smile faded. "Yeah, but the Boss still could barely crack that nutjob in a full fight. It
took that Ucchan fella to actually drive him off."
It became an outright glower before he passed a more sympathetic look to Sōban. "The boss
wants the weakest of us to be able to beat somebody like Kamaitachi."
A tall order, but not impossible. Both girls liked that the Butsumetsu lads had such initiative.
Akane looked up at Sōban, who had been conspicuously quiet up to this point. "Hey, Sōban,
how have you been?"
"Bad," Sōban said.
Curly elaborated. "Losing his mind over you-know-who was embarrassing. After the fight
with Lum, he started seeing a counselor about his fixation, but then the SAD got set up and
he couldn't show up at the school, and we've had to make do since."
"Aw," Akane felt bad for the big guy. "What's that even about, anyway?"
"He's always had a sweet spot for her, back before Lum and all them showed up. We've tried
to dissuade it because, well…"
"No shot?" Katie asked.
"No shot." Curly confirmed.
"And because when he goes ga-ga over her, he causes a swath of collateral damage?" Akane
offered.
Curly hung his head, sighing. "Yeah, that too."
Katie felt sympathy for Sōban, too. "Well, there's someone out there for anyone. You gotta
need to put your best self forward."
"I'm pretty ugly, though," Sōban candidly admitted.
"Yeah, but Akaneko and I ain't disgusted by ya, because you ain't been nothin' but a reliable
guy."
Akane nodded in agreement. "That's right. There's other qualities besides looks that matter."
Curly sighed. "That's what we've been trying to tell the guy."
Sōban bowed his head, looking down at his feet where he sat on the ground. "You girls are
nice, but I'm not that dumb."
Katie and Akane both shared some concerned looks.
"But don't worry about it," he continued. "I'll be okay."
They were going to worry about it, but it sounded very much like Sōban wanted to talk about
something else. Curly, especially cognizant of that, changed the subject. "We don't gotta talk
about it, big guy."
"Thanks."
Curly turned to the girls. "Anyway, you said you had some news about the girl from last
night?"
Katie brightened. "Oh yeah, it's kinda related to it. I gotta ask you guys: Do either of you
know a Saotome Ranma?"
Sōban perked right up, and all the commotion in the lot came to a dead stop as every guy
there turned to look at the girls.
"Huh, and here I thought aliens nabbed that guy," Curly said. "Is he back in town?"
Sōban reached up and rubbed his face. "… Huh."
Akane nodded. "Yes, he's moved into my house because his father's a family friend. What can
you tell us about him?"
Curly answered. "Lots of stuff, he's a student here at our school. If he had been around when
that Kamaitachi creep showed up, he probably would've handled him on his own."
The girls had to agree, after seeing what they had so far.
"He's as strong as you girls," Sōban said.
"He ain't a bad guy though, right?" Katie asked.
Curly nodded. "He always seemed the kinda guy who ends fights instead of startin' 'em to us.
If we didn't mess with him, he wouldn't mess with us. Only exception was at lunch, but that's
an every man for himself thing if you ain't in good with the lunch ladies. Nothin' personal."
That put Akane and Katie at ease. It lined up with their first impressions of Ranma and made
it their bag to fumble in associating with him. Something they wordlessly agreed would not
come to pass if they could help it.
Katie then turned to Curly. "What can you tell us about his fighting style?"
Akane curled an eyebrow at Katie's question.
Curly scratched the side of his head. "I ain't too good on the deets, him being a few years
under us and junk, but I hear he makes Street Fighter look like gritty realism. People keep
saying he's always in the air and junk."
Katie nodded. "A mid-air combat specialist?"
Curly shrugged his shoulders. "I mean, it's pretty ridiculous, right? He can't fly."
"He wouldn't need to," Katie said. "Anybody who can orient themselves to fight in mid-air is
probably the most dangerous kinda guy."
Akane agreed, even as she understood what Katie was fishing for. "Senpai…"
Katie looked at her. "Yeah?"
"Do you want to fight him?"
With a smile, Katie shrugged her shoulders. "Not today, obviously, I want him to get rested
before we even think about a spar."
She gestured with a finger towards Akane. "I'm just making sure I don't go walking into a
fight blind like I did with that kendo idiot."
"Yes, that's fair," Akane conceded.
Curly then brought up what Akane had said. "So, why's he living at your place now,
anyway?"
Akane frowned. "Our fathers made a deal to fix their future kids up to unite their Martial Arts
Schools. Which is all well and good for them, but neither of them told any of us until today."
Curly and Sōban both winced at the venom in Akane's voice. Katie on the other hand was
amused to all heck.
"She and her sisters were so mad they kicked their Dad out of the house!" She declared,
prompting a chorus of amazed "Oohhs" from the other Butsumetsu boys.
"It had to be done!" Akane declared resolutely.
Curly agreed. "I'd be mad too if I got set up with some random chick I never met before. I
wish it was that easy to throw out the parents, though."
Akane withdrew a bit, realizing that she may have flaunted a privilege she enjoyed over her
male peers. "Erm… sorry…"
"Don't worry about it," Curly reassured her. "None of us asked to be born into where we
ended up."
Katie didn't let the chance pass by, though. "Fact you feel the need to says more about you
being the kind of gents they think you're not."
And why it was easier to forgive such faux pas. Akane, being the kind sort she was, still felt a
need to make up for saying something she felt was insensitive. "Curly, Sōban, can I ask you
something?"
"Sure," both the leader and right hand of the Butsumetsu boys replied.
"Would you guys be all right with learning from a Martial Arts instructor, so that you're better
fighters?"
"Obviously. Some of us even tried to join dojos, but when you're already out in the streets
there ain't many schools interested in teaching."
Akane understood that. "My school can teach you. If not my father, then I can."
Katie looked at Akane. "Think your old man's allergy to obligation might make committing
to that hard?"
"Not if he wants to come home early," Akane said out the corner of her mouth.
Seeing what she had in mind, Katie withdrew any objections. "Fair enough!"
Sōban looked down at Akane. "You'd teach the guys if your Dad can't?"
She nodded. "Of course! It's the least I could do for how helpful you've been."
Curly was moved, all the Butsumetsu boys were moved. "You girls are really too nice,
thanks!"
Katie smiled back. "Ain't no thing; we're friends and you can count on us just like we could
count on you."
@@@@@
Ranma stirred awake bathed in the orange light of the setting springtime sun shining through
the open patio doors of the Tendo home. Blinking several times, he pushed himself up and
looked around. He was lying on a bedroll next to the sitting room table, where he
remembered dozing off as soon as he was certain he could relax.
He didn't remember the bedroll being there, but he was grateful for it. "Geez… best nap I've
had in a while."
"I'm glad," Kasumi's voice, filled with warmth, didn't even cause Ranma to jump. He looked
to his right, and she was in the process of setting a tray of cubed up watermelon on the table.
"You slept the whole day. You even missed lunch."
"Mm," he responded as his eyes darted between her and the tray of watermelon with a yellow
condiment on top. He instinctively reached out to just start snacking, but a better part of him
suggested asking for permission from the nice girl who fed him.
With a short giggle, Kasumi gestured to the plate. "Go ahead, I brought them out in case you
wanted a snack. Dinner's almost done; I'm just waiting for the girls to get back."
Taking one of the pieces of watermelon, Ranma tossed it in his mouth. He closed his eyes and
hummed, surprised at the strong sweetness enhanced by the tanginess of what she put on.
"Huh… mustard on watermelon? That's really good."
"Thank you," Kasumi replied as Ranma quickly had another piece. "So what are your plans,
if you don't mind my asking?"
Picking up another piece of watermelon as he swallowed the last one, he popped it into his
mouth. "For right now, I'm gonna get some rest before I go back to China and cure this curse.
Without my old man around, I can probably slip away and be gone for a while before he
realizes it."
That concerned Kasumi. "Is that a good idea? Aren't you wanted by the Joketsuzoku?"
Ranma huffed through his nose. "It ain't as bad as you think, I can handle her in a 1v1 easy."
Kasumi covered her mouth with her hand. "Oh my."
"No, really. All she kept doing was try to kill me; so, I kept dodging all her shots to my vitals.
She was so single-minded it was kind of sad; she'd be a better fighter if she just… you know,
actually had more than one brain cell."
The look of confusion on Kasumi's face in response puzzled Ranma in turn. "… What?"
"She tried to kill you?" She asked.
"Yeah? What else would she do?"
Kasumi looked aside. "A young man like yourself; you'd think she'd be trying to marry you.
Isn't that what they… do?"
A short moment passed before Ranma flushed slightly. "Whoa, no! She thought I was a girl
and was trying to kill me."
He stopped, his eyes widening. "Wait, if I had beaten her as a guy, she'd have to marry me?!"
"That's what I've heard…"
Ranma didn't even know how to react like that. Heck, he couldn't even imagine having a
normal conversation with that purple-haired weirdo, let alone marrying her. "Sheesh… I think
I prefer her trying to kill me…"
"Well, besides that," Kasumi said. "Do you know how you're going to find your cure?"
Ranma nodded. "Yeah, I'm just gonna go back to those springs, find the Spring of the
Drowned Young Man, and jump in. Falling into the girl spring cursed me, so jumping into the
guy spring should cancel that right out."
Kasumi was confused again. "Why didn't you do that when you were there?"
Ranma opened his mouth to answer but then stopped as realization dawned on him.
The Jusenkyo Guide, who knew everything about the springs and where each of them was,
could have easily taken him and his old man to the springs of the drowned young man and
middle-aged overweight bald bastard respectively… but instead he took them to a random
village almost a day away…
To find a cure.
Ranma clutched the sides of his head, pulling at his hair as he yelled out. "JUMPING INTO
THE SPRING WON'T CURE IT!"
He stopped freaking out for another moment as a second realization occurred to him. His
eyes grew even wider. "AND I PISSED OFF THE ONLY PLACE THAT COULD HAVE
AN ACTUAL CURE!"
Letting go of his hair, he slumped forward, slamming his head on the table and causing
everything to rattle. Face-down, despair radiating from his very form, he took another piece
of watermelon from the tray and ate it.
Kasumi reached out and patted Ranma's back. "There, there… don't be sad, Ranma-kun! I'm
sure there are other possibilities."
He turned his head to look at her, as she explained. "I mean, this is the Special
Administration District. Maybe the Neptunians have some kind of amazing technology that
can cure the curse? Or any of the other aliens that visit Taian."
She hummed. "You might not even go that far, Akane-chan and Nabiki-chan have been
making friends who seem very well-connected, maybe they might know someone or
something that can help!"
Ranma lifted his head at that. "Wait, really?"
Kasumi nodded. "Mm!"
That glimmer of hope took the edge off Ranma's despair. "Then forget China, if you guys can
fix me up with some alien tech to take care of an ancient curse."
"We're home!" Nabiki called from the front of the home as she and Akane arrived.
"Speak of Cao Cao," Kasumi said cheerfully as both girls reached the sitting room. "Aw, is
Katie-chan not coming to dinner?"
"No, she said she had to race home, something about wanting to get back before 'Funny
Number O'Clock' or whatever that meant. She'll be here in the morning, though."
Akane saw that Ranma was awake. "Oh, hey Ranma. How're you feeling?"
"Better, now that I had some sleep." Ranma replied. "Kasumi says you might know some
people who could cure my curse."
"We do?" Akane asked before she recalled how Katie got Kamaitachi to take the Sickle Gang
with him and leave. "Huh, I guess we do."
Nabiki tapped a finger to her cheek. "Yeah, it might be something Kodachi has access to, or
any of Katie's people. I've heard some pretty wild stuff about things alien technology can do,
even if it's only stuff Lum and her friends seem to bring around."
At the prospect of interacting with Lum, Akane made a sour face.
"So you're not going back to China?" Nabiki asked.
"Not if I can get what I want here," Ranma replied. "Especially if it means I don't have to
deal with the crap there."
Nabiki took a seat. "Well, if that's the case, I'll ask around and see what we can get started. It
shouldn't even be that hard."
Saotome Ranma was a talkative guy, but the just casual kindness and generosity of these girls
actually left him at a loss for words. From bringing him here to taking his side against his
Dad, to bathing and feeding him, and pretty much no sign of them expecting something in
return. Now helping him find a cure for his curse "shouldn't be that hard?"
"You girls are pretty swell," Ranma said as he leaned back and propped himself up with his
hands on the floor. "If I knew you were this nice, I probably wouldn't have thrown up half the
fight I did when my old man first suggested it."
He stopped. "… It's still kind of annoying that he ended up being right about coming back
here, though."
Akane looked over at him. "There's something to be said about a broken clock."
Ranma turned to her. "You should throw it out and get a new one?"
"Pfft!" Akane broke into giggling. "Bingo!"
Kasumi, happy to see her little sisters getting along with their new guest, got up from the
table. "I'm going to get dinner; since we're on our own and we have a guest, let's have a lively
evening, okay?"
"Break out the booze," Nabiki suggested, causing Ranma to do a double take while Akane
rolled her eyes.
Kasumi giggled to herself and headed off to the kitchen.
@@@@@
"We're home!" Nick announced aloud as he and Ryūnosuke set foot in the Sherman home,
both greeted first by the cozy and welcoming smell of a stew cooking in the kitchen, then by
the thunderous sprinting of two six-year-olds racing from the sitting room.
"DADDY! RYŪ!" They yelled as Imogen slammed into Ryūnosuke and hugged her, while
Hector leaped up and was caught by Nick.
"Hey, you wild animals," Nick said as he held up his son. "Y'all been good?"
"Yeah, we've been good!" Hector said. "Nicole played Mario Kart with us all day!"
Nick smirked at his son. "Oh, she did, now?"
Nicole, who was sitting on the couch and leaned over a makeup kit as she watched a youtube
video of a young woman putting on her own makeup while talking about her life, called back.
"I finished all my assignments, Dad, I'm good."
Helena walked over, as Nick turned to her while Ryūnosuke was lifting up and hugging
Imogen. "It's true, I let her have the rest of the day." She looked at her latest daughter. "Your
father says you got into a fight today."
Ryūnosuke shrugged her shoulders. "It was a her thing, and my thing is to swing on anyone
who talks bunk."
She hooked a thumb at Nick. "She kept implying that he was my Sugar Daddy."
Helena's nose wrinkled in disgust. "Ew, gross. I hope you made her bleed."
"Honest, with the way she was raging, she was bleeding way before I put the paws on her."
"Oh my!" Helena said with a snorting laugh.
Ryūnosuke honestly expected a bit more pushback about the fight—that was the kind of thing
Moms did, right? But then she recalled that this woman was bragging about how she and her
husband cucked the sperm donor out of his wife.
Helena stepped up to Ryūnosuke and cupped her face. "All right, hold still and let me see."
Feeling her gentle hands on her cheeks briefly short-circuited Ryūnosuke, she held onto
Imogen but stood stock still in mild confusion as Helena examined her face and the scuffs
and bruises that had settled on it after the fight.
Helena hummed as she brushed her thumbs over the bruises, assessing their severity. "Open
your mouth, sweetie."
When Ryūnosuke did so, Helena checked the inside of her mouth. "Did you take any other
licks?"
"She got me in the ribs pretty good, and I think I bit the inside of my cheek, but I don't think
I'm dyin'," Ryūnosuke reported.
Helena nodded. "All righty, before we eat, go take a bath and we'll get you all patched up."
Ryūnosuke flushed. "Ehh… you don't have to do all that…"
Her weak, bashful protest came to an end when Helena tilted her head down so she could kiss
her on the top of her forehead.
"It's okay," she insisted. "I'm your mother, and I'm going to worry about you after a fight like
I worry about all my kids."
Ryūnosuke's flush grew as Imogen—whom she was still holding—hugged her tighter and
gave her a big kiss on the cheek in a show of solidarity. This kind of familial affection was
still so new and foreign to her, so even little things like carrying a new baby sister around or a
mother's fretful care was overwhelming.
"Aw man, this is so embarrassin'…" she mumbled, trying not to give away that she was so
happy she could cry.
Helena patted her on the head before taking Imogen from her. "Go on and get into the bath
now, scoot. Dinner will be waiting for you."
"Yeah, yeah," Ryūnosuke yielded before heading off to the bathroom.
Helena watched her go, and giggled. "She's so adorable when she's trying to be tough."
"Haven't met a kid who isn't," Nick chimed in. "So, how was your day?"
Setting down Imogen as Hector jumped from her husband's arms, Helena brightly reported.
"I've made a new friend, and she's coming over for dinner."
Nick noted an operative word there, before asking in a quieter voice. "… And dessert?"
In a likewise hush-hush tone, Helena replied with a wink. "No, not tonight; we'll have our
hands full enough as it is anyway. She's just a lonely neighbor, and I thought it'd be nice to
invite her over, so she'd have someone to shoot the breeze with."
"Sounds nice," Nick said. "I hope she likes pork chops."
"Speaking of desserts, though," Helena sidled even closer. "What's the verdict on The Missus
Mendō?"
Nick grinned and pulled Helena in to whisper something in her ear. Helena nodded several
times as he conveyed his thoughts and words on the meeting earlier, before she pulled back
and side-eyed her husband.
"Unexpected… but at the same not surprising…?"
"Oh, my star, the lifestyles of the ultra-wealthy are inscrutable and bizarre. Like your
associations."
Helena made a brief face, as if remembering something—or rather someone—deeply
unpleasant.
"Nonsense, the ultra-wealthy are simple: they're idiots disconnected from reality because they
are completely insulated from the consequences of their actions."
She swooned and leaned against him. "Most of them are ignorantly malicious, but some feel
obliged to put their boot up others' butts because their wealth has replaced anything
resembling personality."
Nick wore an expression of mock horror. "Jesus Christ, how horrifying."
Helena pulled away from him. "And simple people require simple solutions, and the Mendō
Clan are as simple as they come."
She looked back at him, a smirk spreading across her lips. "So, let's deal with them as we see
fit, my night."
"Understood," Nick replied, before there was a knock on the patio door. "I take it that's our
guest?"
Helena, brightening, waddled over towards the door. "That it is!" Reaching the door, she slid
it open and smiled brightly. "You made it right on time! Dinner will be served in just a few
minutes!"
Standing in the doorway was a beautiful woman close to Helena's age, wearing a beautiful
blue kimono, with her hair braided up and held in place with a butterfly-patterned blue and
black pin. She carried in her arms a bottle of expensive fine sake, but also a longer, larger
object wrapped in brown paper and tied with twine at both ends.
"H-hello, Helena-san," the woman greeted as she bowed. "Thank you for having me."
Helena bowed back, then turned to Nick as she gestured to her.
"This is Nodoka, our neighbor from across the street."
Chapter End Notes
And with this, we wrap up Volume 8 of Senpai. Next time, Furinkan, boys, and... Ranma
vs. Mendō?!
Chapter 48: Volume 8 EX: Restless Energy
Chapter Notes
Hi there, BossTigger here and present! Here to preempt certain readers who are NOT
here to read or leave a comment about this story.
You know who you are.
People curious about the deletion of Science and where it went. Since you don't read my
profile, and you can't take a God damn hint enough to go as far as stalk me through the
works of my collaborators to ask me about it, I'm going to tell you what right here.
It is. Tremendously. Rude, passive-aggressive, and fucking pathetic to come here and
leave comments on other people's fics to bother me about that fic. Especially for fics
about some pretty obscure stuff that we DON'T expect to get comments, so getting a
comment only to find it's someone asking about a fic that's been dead for two years is
fucking aggravating. How aggravating?
For the last few years, I have had a disinterest in writing Science, writing Evangelion
fics in general, because mainly I've been writing fics I'm having more fun writing (and
reading). Fics like this one you're right here. Don't get me wrong, I really LIKE Science,
it's one of my favorite fics, but I'm done with it and continuing it. I'm not even leaving
you a hope spot, this fic is dead, and part of why it's dead is because of people
constantly asking me about it... and completely ignoring or disregarding my efforts in
any of my other stories.
You're turning hours of work and passion into a message board to ask the me about a fic
I don't want to write anymore. It's utterly disheartening to find a comment for one of
these stories, and to see "Are you going to write more Science?", because it says exactly
what you think of the story I'm writing here.
Nothing.
And finally, to the readers who have been bothering my collaborators to the point that I
have to take my name off their stories because you're bothering THEM too to get at me.
And especially to YOU KurzCoon88.
Fuck off and leave me alone. You are the absolute worst of all the people bugging me
about Science. And none of your passive-aggressive "Oh, I know you set boundaries but
let me deliberately ignore you and cross them to get in this one last heartfelt plea!"
bullshit is going to change anything.
You are gross, you are weird, and you're probably not even emotionally mature enough
to be reading smut fics to start. Fuck. Off. And do not ask me about Science again, you
will be blocked and your comments will be deleted.
Anyway, enjoy this chapter of Senpai.
See the end of the chapter for more notes
It was well after sundown at the Tendo residence. Sitting in the middle of the dojo, Akane sat
in seiza position on the polished hardwood floor, dressed not in her normal yellow gi but an
old kendogu set. The metal bar-masked helmet sat beside her, while in front of her were two
swords: a Shinai and the moody blade she'd nicked off Mendō and used to destroy Madame
Kamenbell's scythe.
Reaching out to the shinai, she picked it up by the handle and held it up, looking at it intently.
As the tightly bound cloth and bamboo handle compressed under her grip, her mind drifted
and she recalled her fight with Kuno, the start of all her hassle.
His opening strike was forceful, but tremendously slow—much slower than what he reserved
for male opponents. She could tell he was holding himself back off the jump, and it offended
her so much that of course she thrashed him.
Once he was on the backfoot, he couldn't counterattack even if he wanted to, and she scored
so many points that Kuno would be on Fraud Watch if he weren't already banned from the
national competition for being too strong for a normal person to have a chance.
Twirling the shinai in her hand, Akane pointed it straight ahead, then performed a sweep with
it just to hear the air rush around the wooden blade.
Admittedly, she was in no better position than Kuno. The last time she competed in an
official kendo match, she had dispatched her opponent in three clean strikes, bypassing her
offense, negating her defense, and destroying her pride.
She still felt bad for that girl; a high schooler losing so quickly to a middle schooler was
probably the most embarrassing thing.
Akane hoped she was okay on the other side of the wall.
Taking the shinai in both hands, she raised it over her head, before slowly lowering it, like a
swing in slow motion. With the same powerful slowness, she thrust forward, before lifting
and turning it to her right, blocking an invisible opponent's swing.
Akane liked martial arts. She liked training to blow off steam and vent her frustrated energy
into the universe. The time she'd spent with Katie since meeting her, however, was the most
fun she'd had fighting.
Crossing blades with Madame Kamenbell in a real fight was exciting in ways clubbing
hapless high schoolers and stupid senpais could not compare. To say nothing of the effortless
chunking of her would be suitors every morning for three days straight.
"It's been too long," she said with a sigh.
Closing her eyes, Akane tightened her grip on the hilt of the shinai. When she opened them,
the tip of another was hurtling at her face. With speed and deftness she parried the attack.
Much younger, much smaller, Tendo Akane steadied herself after defending against her
masked opponent, who raised the shinai above their head. In response, she went low and
aggressively lunged for her opponent.
The opposing shinai came down the second she charged in, and she brought hers up to block,
then swept her weapon to aim for her opponents forearms.
Her opponent pushed her shinai back while retreating, aimed their shinai lower and charged,
with a thrust aimed for her throat. Akane brought her shinai back and parried again—but her
opponent stepped to her left, while bringing her weapon in a full rising half-circle to bring the
weapon down on the top of her head.
Akane, just fast enough, blocked the strike and withdrew while parrying. As soon as she
stopped, she reset her stance, mirroring her opponent's movement. The stillness that followed
seemed to stretch for eternity as both kendoka sized one another up, plotting their moves and
countermoves for the next exchange.
Explosively. she lunged for her opponent's throat with the tip of her shinai. The play was
simple: force a defensive parry or block, then quickly tap the top of their helmet. Easily done.
Instead her opponent called her bluff and raced to meet her, batting her Shinai aside before
swinging their shinai down on her head.
The remembered blow jolted Akane from her recollection; she opened her eyes and sighed.
"… That long, huh?"
The door to the dojo sliding open drew Akane's attention. Ranma stood there, wearing the
clothes he arrived in, now cleaned up. He also looked a lot better after having slept most of
the day and been properly fed. He looked over at Akane, and his eyebrows rose in interest.
"Oh, hey… you practice Kendo?" He asked.
Akane relaxed her grip on the shinai. "The Tendo School teaches a lot of weapon use, but
Daddy taught the basics of it with Kendo."
She paused. "Though I guess it's more Kenjutsu. I don't really participate in Martial Arts to
win trophies. I tried it once, but I didn't like it."
Ranma folded his hands behind his head. "Yeah, I never did that stuff at all. It was always
kinda boring to watch, you know?"
Akane brightened. "Yeah! It always goes so slow, right?"
Ranma smiled a bit. "Exactly! You can see every move coming from like a week away!"
"Like watching a YouTube video at half-speed."
That got a laugh from Ranma. "Okay, then. Want a taste of some real speed, then?"
At his offer, Akane's brows rose. "Are you offering?"
"Uh huh!" Ranma trotted over to the middle of the dojo where Akane was standing with a
spring in his step. "I was gonna come here to have a look around and get some training in, but
if you're here, then let's make it interesting."
Looking from Ranma to her Shinai and back, Akane brightened. "Sure, I need to work more
on my sword training. Do you mind if I use it against you?"
At the prospect of a healthy spar, Ranma began stretching and limbering up. "Sure, use any
weapon you got, anything that you're best at."
Akane looked at her equipment on the floor, before picking up her head protection and
tossing it aside. Then she removed the armor she wore piece by piece, first her gauntlets,
breastplate, and finally the faulds from around her waist. When she was done, she was back
down to her normal karate gi.
Ranma watched her with interest as she set the last pieces of armor and set them aside. "Sure
you wanna get rid of that?"
"I've seen you move when you were tired and hungry," Akane pointed out as she assumed a
front stance with her shinai pointed at him. "It's not gonna do me any good."
Ranma broke into a big smile as he assumed his own forward stance. "Heh, good idea!"
Akane nodded and tightened her grip on the hilt of her weapon. "Remember, this is just a
spar… but don't hold back too much, okay?"
"I'll try…"
A tense silence fell between the two, both plotting their opening moves and counters while
anticipating the other's.
Ranma's smile sharpened into a smirk as the milliseconds stretched. Just from what he saw
this morning, he was certain Akane was going to strike first.
And he was gonna let her: he wasn't just a man, he was a gentleman.
Akane obliged, rushing forward and thrusting the tip of her shinai for his forehead. He leaned
back, tilting his head to allow the weapon to pass centimeters over his nose.
She swung the shinai straight down from that thrust, but dipped and swerved his entire body
around the falling weapon side-stepping to his right.
"Just as I thought!" Akane shouted as she turned and swung wide.
Ranma sprang back from the swing, performing a quick backflip.The instant he landed,
Akane was on him, lunging to tap the shinai on his chest. He turned with his whole body,
dipping his shoulders to dodge the chops. As she swung the sword up and over to strike
again, he dipped his head beneath it.
When she pulled back and thrust for his center mass, Ranma stepped to his left and shot
forward past her. "Hah, that was clean!"
Akane turned on the spot and swung the shinai downward diagonally, but Ranma had leaped
into a somersault to turn and face her at the far end of the dojo.
She was spellbound. He's so freaking fast!
Ranma bounced from one foot to the other, his smirk spreading into a grin.
Oh man, she loves this shit! He thought as he watched her astonished expression turn to eager
determination as she got ready to go in again.
When Akane rushed in, Ranma moved in the same moment. Her strike was low, aimed to trip
him up, but Ranma danced around the side-to-side sweeps at his ankles like he was dribbling
an invisible soccer ball. When she followed the combo with a sharp uppercut, he dipped to
his right to avoid it barely brushing his bangs.
"You're quick!" Ranma praised as Akane pursued aggressively.
Akane opened the throttle and her next strike, aimed for his throat, passed even closer. "I can
go faster!"
That was the best response he could ask as he confronted the narrowing gap. "Show me!"
Her next five, rapid-fire, strikes targeted Ranma's head and neck that he defeated by bobbing
his head with all the brilliance of a veteran boxer. When she switched up for a broad
horizontal strike, he sprang up and over her.
In mid-air, he tightly twisted his body to avoid the Shinai as she turned and swung it wide at
him—like she'd anticipated he'd go this way. When he landed, he ducked low over another
swing, then did a very short hop into a mid-air split over a stroke in the opposite direction
aimed for his crouched legs.
He's not just fast, he's moving like he's knife fighting in a closet! Akane thought while
bringing the shinai down only for Ranma to tumble backward out of its reach.
A closet that would probably feel like a mansion to him.
Wait… this is a knife fight in a closet!
At the doorway, Kasumi quietly and raptly watched Akane pursue Ranma throughout the
confines of the dojo, striking with ferocity and enthusiasm. The eldest Tendo sister smiled,
pleased as punch to see Akane sparring with their new guest, who was just as pleased to be
her nimble opponent.
Akane's movements made her shinai look like a blur as she struck at Ranma. Meanwhile, he
appeared to move like a monkey—hopping, vaulting, and flipping about to narrowly avoid
her blows while not striking back.
To the unaccustomed eye, Ranma seemed to be toying with her.
Kasumi recognized what was actually happening, and how it happened without many words.
What clearly began as a spar had turned into a game of tag, and Akane was it.
And she was having fun.
"How do you move like that?!" Akane demanded as she rushed like a missile after Ranma,
chasing him from one end of the dojo to the other.
Ranma zigzagged around her strikes, staying almost frustratingly out of reach. "The Saotome
School specializes…!"
Reaching the far wall, Ranma jumped and kicked up off it to spring high above Akane—
nearly grazing the ceiling, before landing outside her reach behind her.
"… In aerial combat!" He finished as he landed.
Akane's dash at him with a high-speed thrust of her shinai almost caught him. "Whoa!"
Aerial combat, just like Curly said.
And yeah, he did make Street Fighter look like gritty realism.
Ranma skipped backward, staying just outside of the shinai's reach, as Akane brought the
weapon back and skipped further to stay close to him.
It felt like she was moving in slow motion, as she lifted the shinai up over her head. When
Ranma's feet brushed the wooden floor, and he began to spring back from the vertical slash—
Akane suddenly snapped the weapon back and lunged to stab his right shoulder.
People can't just change direction in mid-air like–!
Ranma twisted his body, like a cat orienting itself to land on its feet. His body seemed to coil
up and over the shinai until he was suddenly on the other side of both the shinai and Akane.
Once more, Akane was mesmerized at the speed he moved. "… What the…?"
Kasumi sucked in a breath. Ranma looked less like a blur and more like an animation smear
when he pulled that evasion.
Aerial Combat indeed. Only people who knew how to fly could move like that.
Grinning, Ranma turned around to face Akane. "Like I said…!"
Her surprise evaporated, Akane turned on Ranma with all the speed she could muster. After
seeing a move like that, after fighting someone like Madame Kamenbell, Kamaitachi, and
trading blows with Katie… she was not about to give this incredible guy anything but her
best.
She had caught him mid-sentence, her shinai already falling towards the top of his head.
I said I can be faster! She thought triumphantly.
Ranma's hands shot up, and with a sharp, ringing clap, stopped the shinai between them
before it could connect.
The shockwave from Ranma stopping the shinai blew Kasumi's ponytail off her shoulder.
"Oh my!" She exclaimed, breaking the silence that followed before it could settle in.
Neither Ranma nor Akane noticed her, they were both staring at one another, grinning like
idiots.
"… So, can you actually fly?" Akane asked.
Still holding her shinai, Ranma laughed. "What I do is cooler than flying."
Akane had to agree. Her guard relaxing, she drew her shinai back as Ranma let it go.
"Senpai's going to love sparring with you, I can tell," she said.
Ranma folded his arms behind his back, pretending to be humble in her praise. "You think
so? She definitely had some moves."
Akane lowered the shinai completely. "I think you're going to blow her mind."
@@@@@
Outside of Katie's apartment, a young woman around Kasumi's age stepped out the front door
into the warm spring evening and leaned against the adjacent wall. A bespectacled woman
with long dark hair that framed her face, she was dressed like she had been working a
restaurant kitchen for the last few hours, complete with a bandanna holding her bangs back, a
white button up blouse with rolled-up sleeves, stained black jeans, and a dark blue apron.
Reaching into the pocket of her jeans, the woman pulled out a lighter and rolled cigarette and
lit it. With a few short puffs, she pulled a long drag, before tilting her head back and blowing
out a long stream of dense white smoke.
"… Oh, fuck… that hits right away…" She murmured as she felt the early onset of a sublime
headrush. "What do they put in this stuff…?"
The door opened as the young woman vibed with the early-onset buzz from her smoke, and
Katie stepped out wearing shorts and her oversized hoodie. Spying the glasses-wearing
woman, she brightened when she saw her light and called to her.
"Hey, Saki, you got another one on you?" She asked.
The woman looked back at her and smiled slightly. "Nope! If I came out here with more than
one my smoke break would never end."
Saki offered it to her. "You can have a hit, though."
Katie graciously took it. "You're too kind."
As Katie took the cigarette and began to puff on it, Saki leaned against the wall. "Don't you
normally have a stash upstairs? You must be desperate if you're bumming hits off me."
Katie blew the smoke from her lips, and handed the cigarette back to Saki. "We've got
company upstairs, and they've already burnt through the stock. I put an order for extra in with
Auntie this evening though, so tomorrow we'll be back to normal."
She rolled her eyes to look to her right. "I hope."
Saki was a little surprised. "You've got guests up there? I thought ya girl didn't like having
company over."
"She don't, but she made an exception for Ucchan and Kaori, since he's still recovering and
she doesn't want him running off and crashing out while he heals up."
Saki was surprised. "Ucchan, the okonomiyaki guy? I've hit him up, he's amazing."
"A dang generational talent," Katie agreed. "Shame he don't fight with the same sense he
cooks, else he wouldn't have gotten cooked like he did. He's taking it on the nose, though."
Saki raised an eyebrow. "For real?"
Katie sneered. "Pfft, no! He's pissed as shit that he lost and won't get his runback, but he's
letting it go."
"Aw, I kind of feel bad for him."
While Saki took another hit of her cigarette, Katie shrugged her shoulders. "Don't cry too
much for him; not only is he staying with us on our dime, but The Bae's investing in his Brick
and Mortar."
That just about floored Saki. "Sheesh, and you call me too kind."
"Eh, I see where The Bae is going with it, so don't consider it a kind gesture."
Saki understood. "Crash Out Insurance, huh?"
"Yup."
"Don't let him hear that."
Katie let out another soft chuckle. "What's going on in The Secret? All this mess hasn't
bothered business too much, huh?"
Saki sighed. "The salaryman crowd's dried up. Lately it's been high schoolers and office
ladies passing through."
"Oof, that must be hell for booze sales."
"Are you kidding? Without the guys around, the OLs have turnt up. We've set record sales the
last four nights in a row."
Saki let out a laugh. "I'm almost gonna be sad when things go back to normal around here."
It would make sense that after everything, the men caught up in The Sickle Gang's nonsense
would still be skittish about going around town—especially at night. Deep in her heart, Katie
genuinely hoped that the experience didn't scar them… but being realistic she knew that a
non-zero number of them would be waking up bathed in cold sweats for a while.
Maybe putting up some flyers around the neighborhood advertising mental health resources
wouldn't hurt.
"Speaking of all that bullshit," Saki said. "How's things going over at your new school. It
reopen, yet?"
"Not until Monday, but even then I think it's gonna be pretty quiet for a bit… and I'm not
looking forward to it."
She leaned forward, resting her hands on her knees, and stared down at the sidewalk. "I ain't
gonna lie, I've been eatin' since I started classes and it's been everything from okay snacks to
full course feasts. We only packed up the Sickle Gang a couple days ago, and I'm itchin' for
the next fade."
Lowering her cigarette, Saki let out a snort, a ring of smoke leaving her lips. "Knowing you,
and this town? You won't have to wait long."
Katie laughed. "And that's why I love it here. Akaneko and I met a guy just today who I
really, really want to exchange pure unadulterated hands with. I can feel it in my bones he's
gonna be fun to fight."
She looked up at Saki, grinning. "And a guy as fire as him will definitely have smoke trailing
behind."
If that was the case, Saki sighed. "So much for things going back to normal, then…"
As Katie chuckled at the faux lament, two boys a little younger than her walked up. One had
black hair parted down the middle, and the other with shaggy, tea-brown hair. Both gave a
start when Katie stood to full height, and gawked at her until she noticed and looked over.
"Huh, can I help you?" She asked, surprised that there were boys her age around here not
adrift in the wind.
The black-haired boy pointed at her. "Hey, are you Katie Izurando? The girl who beat up
Kuno?"
Katie lifted an eyebrow. "Last I checked. Do you have a problem with that?"
The black-haired boy shook his head. "No, we weren't part of that whole Hentai Horde
nonsense."
The messy-haired boy nodded in agreement. "Akane-chan is cute and all, but not get our
asses beat by her or Kuno-cute, so we bugged out when she bodied half the school the first
time."
It was Katie's turn to be surprised. These were Furinkan students, male ones at that! "Well,
shoot, you got some fine self-preservatin' between you two."
The black-haired boy nodded. "Tell me about it."
He gestured to himself. "I'm Hiroshi by the way."
The messy-haired boy followed suit. "And I'm Daisuke. We're in Akane's classes, actually."
"Where've you been all this time? Kuno got dealt with ages ago."
"Well, after Kuno got washed, the Shining Killers showed up and Tomobiki went ape-shit
like the next day…" Daisuke explained before throwing it back to Hiroshi.
"We both agreed 'screw that', and stayed at home until crap blew over."
"And it kept getting crazier? We only just heard it's finally settled down around here."
"So we came out trying to chill," Hiroshi finished. "Word going around is that there's a secret
karaoke bar that's cheaper than the crap in Taian. Do you know anything about it?"
Katie and Saki shared a look. Katie's expression was silently questioning, while Saki had a
hint of skepticism in her look.
Turning back to the boy, Katie spoke. "It's cheaper, but you still gotta pay. You got cash?"
Hiroshi nodded. "Of course, we should have enough for like three hours in a booth."
Katie looked back at Saki, who was a lot less pensive. The older woman handed Katie the
remains of her cigarette, then gestured to them.
"Come on, I'll show you how to get there. When I do though, you'd better not tell anybody."
Both boys brightened and followed Saki as she headed to the door. Before she passed through
the threshold she looked at Katie.
"Don't get too caught up in the smoke, hit that spliff and try to relax, you know? You'll miss
the peace when you don't have it."
With that she went inside, the two boys excitedly following.
Watching Saki head in, Katie brought the cigarette to her lips and took a deep pull. She held
it in and immediately felt light-headed and tingly behind her eyes.
"Shit… Saki gets the preem from Auntie. It hits way harder than whatever the bae's
buying…"
More footsteps from the direction the boys arrived from caught her attention, and she turned
to see Nicole walking towards her with Ryūnosuke in tow. Her eyebrows raising at the
appearance of the two girls, she lowered the all but completed remains of her cigarette from
her lips and smiled.
"Speak of the devil," she greeted them. "Hey fam, what brings y'all around so late?"
Nicole, carrying a cloth tote bag heavy with merchandise up to her. "Just bringing your order
over on our way to The Secret."
Katie was overjoyed. Here she was expecting to have to wait until tomorrow to smoke. "Aw,
y'all shouldn't have! Thanks!"
She caught Nicole in a big hug, lifting her up off her feet in the process.
Ryūnosuke, glancing around in curiosity, asked Katie. "Where the heck is this Karaoke Bar?
It can't be here."
Katie chuckled and took the bag from Nicole as she put her down. "This is the spot, hon.
They call it The Secret for a reason."
"Is the reason to keep Moroboshi out?"
With another chuckle, Katie replied. "One of them!"
Nicole smiled at her new sister. "Like I said, you'll like it. The vibe is cozy and the food's
great."
She turned to her cousin. "Hey, c'mon and belt out some Lorde with us."
Katie flushed. "Hey, now! Don't go tellin' people…"
Ryūnosuke gawked at Katie. "Wait, Lorde? Really?"
Katie's cheeks reddened more. "What? I dig her lyrics…"
"Big crush on her, too," Nicole added.
Katie rolled her eyes, quietly pleading for strength. "I'm gonna take this upstairs, then Imma
come back down and sit on you for three songs, y'dang gremlin!"
Nicole cackled as she headed inside. "See you there, cuz!"
Ryūnosuke shook her head, smiling at the exchange. "It's really through there?"
"Yep, just follow her through," Katie said before she noted Ryūnosuke's fresh bruises and
bandages. "You good?"
Her cousin sighed. "I got into it with this one chick in gym today. She came at me, calling
Pop my Sugar Daddy and talkin' shit like that."
Katie brought a hand to her mouth. "Ooh… no shit?"
"So I pulled up and swung on her, but it turns out she's familiar with the fade, and we ended
up scrappin' until the teachers broke us up."
"And she did all that to you?"
"Yeah, but I gave as good as I got it, and next time she's getting all of it. No exchange
necessary."
Katie nodded. "A reasonable crash out. If anyone was going around allegatin' that I had a
sugar daddy? I'd be swinging first, second, and only."
Ryūnosuke folded her arms. "Glad you understand, cuz."
"This here family of ours prides itself on bein' proactive when dealing with problems, rather
than reactive," Katie noted. "It's why we are where we are."
She tapped Ryūnosuke on the shoulder. "But usually when we go in, we go with a plan."
"Yeah, yeah…" Ryūnosuke yielded with a grumble. "I'm just gonna do my best to avoid her
until I figure out what I'm dealing with, and then destroy her."
"Exactly!" Katie cheered, before she helpfully added. "An invitation to jump her is always
open."
Ryūnosuke raised an eyebrow. "Really?"
"Darn tootin'. Just say the word and I'll be there. Shoot, I'll bring Akaneko along, too. "
With that reassurance, Ryūnosuke smirked. "That's good to know, thanks cousin."
"You've probably heard it a dozen times by now, but as long as we're family, we're always
lookin' out. Don't you worry none about backup when you need it."
"Thanks, I won't," Ryūnosuke caught Katie in a side-hug in gratitude. "I'll see you inside,
'kay?"
"Sure thing." As Ryūnosuke headed off, Katie sighed and brought the very last of her
cigarette to inhale it deep and finish it off.
Today was a good night. She was catching a perfect buzz, had plenty of smoke for later
tonight and the week, and she was about to do some karaoke with her family.
"Huh, maybe Kaori, Ucchan, and Bae will wanna come down, too," she murmured to herself
as she flicked the smoked-up end into the gutter.
A new sound reached her ears. Not footsteps but the light flapping of wings. Once again, she
looked towards the direction the previous arrivals came from, but had to look up a little
higher at the creatures approaching her.
They were four tiny-humanoid crows wearing white robes with orange vests over them, and
little red hats tied onto their crow heads. They kept themselves aloft with black, feathered
wings that extended from their backs.
Katie stared at them, puzzled. "Karasu… Tengu…?"
What were some of those doing around here?
One of the four bird men brought a tiny fist to his beak and cleared his throat. "Pardon us, but
it is with great humility that I ask… is it true that around here there is a popular Karaoke
Club?"
Katie stared at the four bird men, before she calmly, politely answered.
"Nope, sorry, hon. Ain't heard of a place like that 'round these parts."
The three birds behind the first recoiled, looking frustrated, while the first humbly brought
his hands together and bowed. "I'm so sorry for asking. Would you happen to know where we
might find one?"
"I reckon y'all might need to head back to Taian for that kinda service," Katie replied.
One of the other three Karasu Tengu spoke up. "There aren't any pure Karaoke bars in Taian!
They're all Host Clubs! And they're way too expensive!"
A second spoke up. "We heard rumors that there was a Secret Karaoke bar! It's here in
Furinkan!"
The first bird to speak turned to his fellows to calm them down. "We'll keep looking! We'll
keep looking! Lady Kurama can wait another night, just relax!"
Katie's eyes narrowed at that name, but she relaxed when the assuaging tengu turned back to
her.
"Again, we are very sorry for interrupting your evening. Please, have a good night!"
"Yeah, sure," Katie said as the four Karasu Tengu departed, bickering viciously about the
existence of The Secret.
"Lady Kurama, huh?" She murmured. "She's snooping around again? Maybe things are going
to get interesting soon…"
She turned and headed inside, pulling out her phone to do some texting as she went inside.
Chapter End Notes
Volume 9 of Senpai is underway! It's gonna be a wild one, I promise!
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!