The sun was casting hues of gold and pink through their bedroom window. Fabian was laying
on their bed slowly tracing the spin of the shirtless man next to him. It was incredible, Fabian
thought, that he was the one lying next to this gorgeous being. So many others had before,
but they had failed to stay by his side. And it was Fabian who was there to pick up the pieces.
Each time they left his little angel sobbing and broken begging them to stay, Fabain had been
there to support him, he'd made sure of it. Because while his affections may not have always
been returned, Fabian never wanted him to know pain that way. He'd have gladly let him go
if it meant keeping a smile on his face.
But the smile wavered and those who had vowed to never break is heart, to never hurt him?
They left him drowning in his sorrow and shattered in pieces only Fabian could fix. And he
would fix it, each and every time. Until one surprising day his angel had admitted returning
his love. Now his life was perfect. Complete. He was an uncle to seven amazing nieces and
nephews, his brother and him had joined the aurors together, and his partner was the man of
his dreams.
His angel.
Sirius Black.
***
Fabian remembered the first time he had encountered Sirius. It had been on the Hogwarts
express. Fabian had been a third year at the time and had caught the first year in the restroom
cleaning cuts on his back. As soon as Fabian walked in the boy had scampered away trying to
hide what he was doing from prying eyes. Slowly Fabian had crouched down by the boy on
the floor ignoring the blood that had gotten everywhere.
"What happened to you?" Fabian asked, gently reaching for the scared boy hoping to calm
him down.
"N-nothing, please don't tell anyone. They won't like it." Fabian thought better of asking who
'they' were. Instead, he reached into his bag and pulled out some dittany.
Gently he pulled the fabric off of the boys back and started to rub the cream-like substance
into his skin. When the boy hissed in pain, he would whisper reassurances to him and hold
him through the pain. After he was done and made sure the wounds would not be infected, he
allowed the boy to change into his Hogwarts robes as his others had been to blood soaked to
preserve. When Sirius emerged again, he quickly thanked Fabian and disappeared.
And Fabian made a vow to himself, to look out for the gray eyed boy.
***
Fabian Prewett both loved and hated James Potter.
He loved James for being Sirius's first friend. For giving Sirius and escape from his awful
family. Showing him, it was okay to ask for help. Teaching him it was okay to let go, to live.
James had done a lot for Sirius; Fabian can appreciate that. He really truly helped Sirius
become the best version of himself. The only problem?
Sirius Black loved James Potter.
And that would have been okay to, it really would have. If it hadn't been for the kiss.
It was a game of truth or dare. Usually his favorite game. The whole house was there
celebrating graduation, where he, Gideon, Frank, and Alice would be sent off into the world.
To be honest Fabian should not have been surprised. People often joked Sirius and James
behaved like a married couple. Lily Evans herself, who'd been dating James for the better
part of a year at this point, often joked she was the third in their relationship.
The dare itself wasn't exactly surprising. It was also unsurprising when both James and Sirius
complied. No, it was after the game. When Fabian was helping with cleanup and overheard a
conversation between the two fifth years.
"James, please. I can't listen to this please stop."
"I'm sorry Siri, I love you. I-I promise I do. It's just.."
"Jaime-"
"I can't face it. I can't face that. Even if it's for you. I'm sorry."
Fabian moved out of the way just as James came strolling through the door. When he saw
Fabian, he didn't look shocked.
"Look after him Fab, I-I would, but I can't give him what he deserves right now. I don't think
I'll ever be able to."
Before Fabian could ask exactly what that was, James Potter disappeared, probably headed to
the dorms. Slowly Fabian opened the door to see Sirius curled around himself in the corner.
Fabian walked toward him and gently lowered himself down, so he was sitting next to him.
Without a word Sirus moved to rest his head on Fabian's shoulder and Fabian moved his arms
so one encircled Sirius's waist and the other played with the ends of the boy's midnight black
curls.
"I-I've loved him for so long." Sirius sobbed. "An-a-and to know he loved me too... It hurts
Fabian it really hurts. I hate it. I hate hurting. I hate that he cares so much what others think. I
hate that he chose her. I hate that he doesn't think I'm worth others finding out he might not
be straight. I fucking hate it!"
He breaks down in Fabian's arms, and Fabian thinks not for the first time, he hates James
Potter, but he could understand. James wasn't willing to face himself, so he let Sirius go. The
same way Fabian had let Sirius go, every time he loved someone else. They both wanted
Sirius happy, and neither of them could give him that. Letting him go was the best option.
And Fabian thinks that's probably what saved Sirius and James's relationship. If James had
pursued something with Sirius and still not been able to come out, they would have lost each
other.
So, Fabian hated James, for hurting Sirius.
But he loved James, for refusing to destroy him.
***
While Fabian could respect James's actions, he would forever despise Remus Lupin.
James had left Sirius because he knew his own shortcomings. Remus offered Sirius no such
mercy.
Fabian didn't even know they were together. Not at first. Not before everything fell apart. It
honest to merlin started like a normal day. Fabian and everyone else were at the Potter's
house celebrating Harry's first birthday. Everyone except Sirius.
Sirius had flooed the night before telling everyone that he might not make it. He was working
at a healer at St. Mungo's and the aurors had raided a house the night before, finding a dozen
kidnapped children. Fabian had been a part of the raid and while he was given the rest of the
week off, the healers at St. Mungos had to care for the newly found scared and injured kids.
Sirius had apologized immensely, promised James he would stop by later in the week to
make it up to Harry, and quickly apparated back to the hospital.
Fabian was trying to enjoy the party, he had chatted with James, slowly getting over the
grudge he held against the man. He mostly hung around Molly, Arthur, and Gideon. They
discussed the raid, Gid's current partner, and Molly and Arthur's seventh child. James and
Peter had come over to join their conversation, when Remus Lupin appeared.
He came over with a girl he introduced as his girlfriend. As soon as he established his
relationship to her James and Peter were glaring daggers at him. James quickly stepped away
claiming he needed to attend to something, Peter quickly following behind him. When they
returned, they had Sirius with them. He looked shocked and betrayed as he looked between
Remus and where Remus's arm was wrapped around the girls waist. And Remus looked like
a kid that been caught after trying to sneak out of the house.
"Dora?"
"Sirius!" The girl exclaimed and then ran into his arms, embracing him in a hug Sirius did not
look entirely apart of.
"H-hey little cousin."
The girl, 'Dora' as Sirius had called her, dragged Sirius through the rest of the party. She
introduced him to her boyfriend Remus and ranted to him on end about the difficulties of
training to be an auror.
"Oh and I'm pregnant by the way."
"That's really great Dora. I think I'm going to grab a drink real quick. You need anything?"
And Sirius headed into the house.
Fabian decided to follow him and figure out what was going on, because Sirius was
obviously upset. Just as Fabian was about to walk into the kitchen, he found himself once
again eavesdropping on a conversation.
"How could you Remus? I trusted you. I love you. And you go and get my cousin pregnant."
"Sirius wait-"
"I-I don't understand, did I do something? What happened? How long has this been going
on?"
"Padfoot-"
"You said you loved me. You said you were just waiting for the right moment, that we would
be able to tell people eventually. Was that a lie? Was all of it a lie? You never really loved me
did you?"
"Of course not."
"Wh-"
"Sirius do you honestly think I would choose to be in a relationship like this? Not
permanently. Look you're fucking gorgeous Padfoot, but your too loud. Obnoxious. Dora,
she's quite knows when not to bother me. Your too needy. Your clingy. No one wants that.
James didn't, neither do I."
"How did you-"
"How did I know about James? Come on Sirius you're not subtle. Neither is he. Really he
should be glad he chose Lily instead of pursuing you, saved himself a lot of trouble."
"I-"
"Look you're a nice lay, nice to look at, and you have money. But that's all you have going for
you. Really only stayed as long as I did because of the wolf."
"Remus-"
"Goodbye Sirius."
After he was sure Remus had left Fabian burst into the kitchen.
"Fab, I-I..."
"Shh, oh Sirius he was so wrong. He knows nothing about you. You're amazing, caring,
beautiful, smart, and stunning. You are so much more than a pretty face with a bank account.
It's his loss okay. He's a stupid idiot and so is James. Neither of them deserve how fucking
incredible you are angel."
During his speech Fabian had walked over and engulfed Sirius in his arms. Remus Lupin was
despicable. Saying those things to Sirius. Disgusting. Sirius had done nothing to deserve that
and bringing up the situation with James back from their fifth year was a low blow even for
Lupin. Nothing he said was true. Nothing. And he would spend as much time as needed
trying to convince Sirius of that.
***
Fabian had been shocked; the day it happened. It was a moment he'd been dreaming of for
years. It happened almost two years after the incident with Remus. Both James and Peter had
quickly sided with Sirius during the incident, stating they had figured out the nature of Sirius
and Remus's relationship a while ago and both we're enraged by the words Remus had
spoken to Sirius that day. After being shunned from the Marauders Lupin revealed to Lily the
full extent and drama of Sirius and James's relationship. Luckily Lily wasn't easily put off
and suspected Sirius's feeling for her husband since the beginning. After learning those
feelings had at one point been returned Lily confronted James for the full story, after which
she profusely apologized to Sirius for her role in his pain. They bonded over that, Sirius and
Lily, and now their rocky relationship is one that closely resembles Fabian's with Gideons.
Everyone was happy for them especially considering the rocky bonds between both and their
biological siblings.
Dora had her baby. Of course, with how close the cousins appeared at Harry's party she did
eventually pry the truth from Sirius. To say she was mad was an understatement. According
to James, who was there when Sirius told her, her hair had flashed a mirid of colors before
settling on a raging red. Her and Remus had broken up, and he'd been thoroughly threatened
from coming close to anyone in her family again.
Lupin, the idiot, of course did not listen. He approached Sirius multiple times after the
breakup with varying emotions. At first, he had blames Sirius yelling several insults similar
to the day they had broken up. But as Remus got more desperate, he began to beg for Sirius
back. The wolf had been tearing Remus apart without Sirius. Each full moon he appeared
with more scars, as Remus had driven away the wolfs mate, and Moony was punishing him
for it. Everytime Remus came with this excuse Fabian would scoff, thinking the wolf had
better sense than Remus himself.
What drove Remus away for good was none other than the force Lily Evans herself. Truly
that woman was a goddess. When Sirius had admitted to Remus basically stalking and
harassing him at least twice a month Lily had been on a mission to end it. As Remus had
successfully avoided getting himself put on the werewolf registry, everyone he met keeping
his secret for him, Lily went to hit him where it hurt. He was to leave Sirius alone, never
contact him or any of their friends ever again, or he would be leading a much more restricted
life.
That lead to the moment. There had been another auror raid, spells had been thrown and a
spare one had caught Fabian. He was sitting in St. Mungo's waiting to be attended to. When
Sirius walked through the curtains.
"Fabian?"
"Hey Siri, I think I caught a few stray spells on the raid this morning mind checking me out?"
Fabian asked and winced when he saw a flash of panic cross Sirius's face.
Immediately Sirius cast a diagnostic spell on him and got to work. Unlike how he normally
was, Sirius was quite the whole time. Working in complete silence.
"Sirius?"
"Y-you need to be more careful. Y-you...I...I can't lose you." Fabain's eyes widened and he
looked up to see a blush spread across Sirius's pale cheeks, a beautiful contrast against his
skin. Slowly Fabian lifted his hand and tucked a strand curl behind Sirius's ear before letting
it settle on his cheek.
"And why's that angel?"
Sirius didn't answer, not at that moment anyway. He leaned forward and caught Fabians lips
in his own. The kiss. Oh, the kiss had been amazing. It wasn't what Fabian had always
expected kissing Sirius would be like. No. It was better. His red-bitten lips were soft and
plump allowing Fabian to bite down and tug on them, eliciting a beautiful delicate sound
from Sirius. As the kiss progressed Fabian reached one hand into Sirius hair, he'd always
been obsessed with the younger boys' long curls, and the other lightly brushed the skin of
Sirius's waist until it was wrapped around him. When they pulled apart, Sirius rested his
forehead against Fabian's and was panting into his mouth.
"I-I love you."
"Oh, angel." Those are words he always wanted to hear from Sirius's mouth. "I love you too."
***
In the present, Fabian continued tracing Sirius's spine as he slept, it had been a good night.
No nightmares from either of them. Which were becoming less frequent by the day.
"Fab?" A groggy voice pulled him from his thoughts, and he looked down to see Sirius
expectantly looking up at him, he leaned down and gave his boyfriend a kiss. Since they'd
gotten together Sirius has gotten used to constant and unwarranted affection. Fabian had been
showing him that it wasn't necessary to, nor did he have to do anything to deserve love and
cuddles from your partner.
"Good morning angel."
"Mornin."
Gently Fabian wrapped his arms around his groggy boyfriend and pulled Sirius into his lap.
When he was seated Sirius practically melted, nuzzling his head into Fabian's neck and
sighing gently as he resettled.
"Any plans for the day love?" Fabain asked.
"Watching the twins, Ron, and Ginny for Molly and Arthur so they can take the older kids for
their Hogwarts stuff." Sirius grumbled into his neck lifting his head slightly to rub at his eyes.
"Well, my angel, how about I make you breakfast before I head to the office? I know you
love waffles." His head perking up at the mentions of waffles, Fabian lets out a chuckle as
Sirius begins to all but drag him to the kitchen.
Honestly, his life couldn't be anymore perfect.
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!